,text,spam
2566,"Subject: wti trading simulation presentation - combinded  john ,  just finished the continous trading case . please see  the two attached files . let me know if you want to add  more scenarios .  happy holidays !  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - attachment - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  open - close trading :  close - close trading :",0
1350,"Subject: re : wall street micro news report  homeland security investments  the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have  changed  the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and  logical  security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in  the  banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga ,  a  wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for  information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by  2005 .  homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing  our  readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this  lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security  happen  with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position  ourselves in  such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to  capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security  investments is here to help our readers do just that .  with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble ,  inc .  this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long  terms .  symbol : ( vnbl )  current price : 0 . 08  short term target price : 0 . 35  12 month target price : 1 . 20  * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * *  * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency  identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors  to  transmit information about a person or object wirelessly .  * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location  technology .  * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies  and  governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such  technology  has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials  designated "" high risk "" were they to fall into the wrong hands .  * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order  to  create "" high security space "" in locales where it is deemed necessary .  locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea  ports ,  mines , nuclear facilities , and more .  * as with all stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has  made vnbl a hot buy .  news on vnbl  malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc .  ( otcbb : vnbl -  news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth  opportunities  in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and  other  security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and  services that will assist in the automation of the identification and  control of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in  the  oil & gas and petrochemical industries .  although small wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines  and  equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they  can  also deliver safety features within oil wells . oil maybe trapped in  different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of  specific  liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise  opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur ,  such as  a well filling with water .  as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can also provide  the  safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and limit the  entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is  essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would  enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee ' s safety and / or  danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that  can  operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives  valuable  safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid  can  also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and  chemical  products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level .  vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are  more  than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective  measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against  threat .  preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of  u . s .  industry and economy .  the company believes that such offering service and technology  application  in the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position  vinoble in  a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the  increasing capital and global spending that the company will require  for  growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at  a  cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to  do  without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of  constant threat .  this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is  exceptional . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly  innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock .  information within this email contains "" forward looking statements ""  within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and  section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,  expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,  assumptions or  future  events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be  "" forward looking statements . "" forward looking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are  made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause  actual results or events to differ materially from those presently  anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be  identified  through the use of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" ,  "" will , "" "" anticipates , "" "" estimates , "" "" believes , "" "" understands "" or  that by  statements indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" could , "" or "" might "" occur .  as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating  history ,  the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an  unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority  stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw  materials :  reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and  numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital .  these  factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec  filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket  stock  report does not represent that the information contained in this  message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact  necessary  to make the statements therein not misleading . all information  provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities  must  be  understood as information provided and not investment advice . the  rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice  from  a registered professional securities representative before deciding to  trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within  this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or  solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .  you  can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of  the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,  accounting or  investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies  are  specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance  of  these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results  in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .  remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future  results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a  company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in  compliance  with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report  discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party  ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for  the  circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock  they  will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict  of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this  is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information  in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not  limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases .  the  rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can  make  no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material  within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .",1
3622,Subject: request submitted : access request for  pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000010552  request create date : 12 / 18 / 00 8 : 53 : 23 am  requested for : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  resource name : vpn  resource type : applications,0
2638,"Subject: re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  claudio ,  i have done it twice in the past . i shall be glad to help again .  vince  from : claudio ribeiro @ enron 11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  vince :  it was stewart myers , head of the financial engineering track . he did not  contact me directly , he contacted josef ( an mit student that spent the summer  with enron and received an offer to come to work with us ) .  josef wanted to know who could make the commitment of sponsoring ( sending the  problem ) .  claudio  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 16 am  to : claudio ribeiro / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  claudio .  who was the professor who came up with the request ?  vince  from : claudio ribeiro @ enron 11 / 20 / 2000 05 : 04 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect  subject : mit financial engineering pro - seminar  vince ,  i have received a call from mit asking if enron would be interested in  sponsoring a financial engineering pro - seminar .  this means that enron would propose a problem that would have its solution  developed by students in the financial engineering track . these students  would present the findings in the end .  i think that enron has already sponsored a financial engineering pro - seminar .  i remember something about real options at the time i was at school .  please , let me know if enron has the interest , specifically the research .  talking here at the weather desk , mark tawney expressed interest . if you  agree , we ( the weather desk ) could co - sponsor this pro - seminar with the  research . the idea , then , would be to propose a problem connected to weather  trading .  please , give me your thoughts about this issue .  thanks ,  claudio",0
932,"Subject: confirm results of your refina [ n ] ce application  we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate .  i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved .  here are the results :  * account id : [ 933 - 327 ]  * negotiable amount : $ 127 , 931 to $ 651 , 433  * rate : 3 . 52 % - 5 . 31 %  please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible .  http : / / www . pvrefi . net / ? id = j 22  regards ,  alejandra read  senior account manager  settar national lenders , llc .  database deletion :  www . pvrefi . net / book . php ",1
1661,"Subject: re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa",0
2244,Subject: maureen ' s presentation  here it is !,0
2163,"Subject: interview schedule for jeff lei he  attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .  the interview will happen friday july 14 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sean  58701",0
2022,"Subject: career opportunity  dear mr . kaminski :  i recently sent you a copy of my resume and am just  following up to see if it reached you without any problems ? i know you  are a very busy professional and i would like to apologize for any  inconvienence i have caused . i am just very dedicated in trying to  obtain a career with your very well - respected company . i would really  like to put my expereince and education to work for enron , as well as  establish my life around the company . i am looking for an entry - level  postion if that ' s what it takes to bulid my life and family enron  corporation . once again mr . kaminski , i am deeply apologetic for taking  up any of your time . any information you could help me with about my  resume would be greatly appreciated . thank you for your valuable time .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton",0
5008,"Subject: re : trip to houston  another student invited by tom gros to come next wednesday .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000  05 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  paulo rocha e oliveira on 02 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 56 pm  to : "" stinson gibner ""  cc :  subject : re : trip to houston  stinson ,  thank you for your e - mail . my phone number is ( 617 ) 492 - 9551 . i don ' t  have a currect resume , but if i did it would say that i graduated from  princeton university in 1996 ( mathematics ) , and came straight to mit for a  phd in operations management at the sloan schoolof management . in my first  three years i took all the required coursework in mathematics ,  optimization , stochastic processes , etc . , as well as a number of courses in  psychology ( at mit and harvard ) . i am working with prof . gabriel bitran ,  and i am interested in the mathematical modeling of service operations . in  particular , i am interested in the interaction between customers and  companies ( hence the interest in psychology ) . the ( tentative ) title of my  phd thesis is "" pricing substitute products on the internet "" , and i am  sending you the summary which i sent to tom gros a few weeks ago that will  give you an idea of what this research is about .  thanks again , and i ' m looking forward to meeting you and your research  group next week .  paulo  pricing substitute products on the internet  objective :  to develop new tools to decide pricing policies for goods and services sold  on  the internet .  motivation :  this reseach is motivated by the fact that traditional choice and optimization  models are not appropriate for internet - related businesses . the technological  innovations associated with the internet brought about an overload of  information  which inevitably affects the ways in which consumers make choices .  furthermore ,  companies have a great deal of influence on how much information consumers can  have access to .  the problem of pricing substitute products is an important strategic issue  faced  by internet companies . consumers usually search for generic products ( e . g ,  vcrs  or computers ) without knowing exactly what they will buy . companies can show  different products and different prices to each consumer . this type of  flexibility  was not available until the internet came about .  the problem of pricing substitute products is not unique to the internet . the  methodology developed by this research should be transferrable to a number of  other settings , such as pricing services . services are unique , and there are  many cases where customers will only buy one of many services offered by a  given company . our model will help companies decide which services to offer  to which customers and how much to charge for these services .  research strategy :  our research strategy is to divide the pricing problem into two components  which can be combined to generate optimal pricing strategies . these  components are choice models and optimization models .  choice models :  choice models describe how customers make choices . the management literature  draws on two main sources for these models : psychology and economics . the  common approach in psychology models is to use what are called heuristic  elimination methods . these methods consist of the elimination of options  based on the sequential eliminations of features until only one choice  remains .  these methods tend to be very context - specific and do not lend themselves very  easily to mathematical analysis . economists focus on utility - maximing models  that are significantly more mathematically tractable than psychological  models .  the most common economic model of choice is the logit model . the problem with  these types of models is that they are not very accurate reflections of how  consumer make choices on the internet . the first step in our research will  be  to develop choice models that capture the interactions going on between  customers  and companies on the internet .  optimization :  traditionally , the optimization problem consists of maximizing revenue over a  certain planning horizon . on the internet , the problem of maximizing revenue  still exists , but there is also a need to learn about customers . short term  profit is based on sales , but long term profit is based on how well you know  your customers and are able to retain them . the optimization problem must  therefore include a short term component ( sales ) and a long term component  ( learning ) .",0
4226,"Subject: re : tony hamilton  chris ,  e hired tony to support global markets but jeff shankman decided that , given  highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the  research group , with a dotted line to mike roberts who is running our weather  group .  given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit gm , it makes sense  for research to charge his expenses  to global markets . we can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to  different sub - units of gm .  tony spent the last few weeks in houston training for his position in london  with mike roberts .  we are very excited about the prospect of working with him .  vince  chris mahoney  04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 56 am  to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark tawney / enron @ enronxgate , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect , christie  marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : tony hamilton  tony was hired to work for global markets . think costs should be assigned  to vince or mark but if you  believe those costs should be for my group let me know .  tani nath  05 / 04 / 2001 09 : 33  to : chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , scott moncrieff / lon / ect @ ect , pierre  aury / lon / ect @ ect  cc : christie marshall / lon / ect @ ect , richard smith / lon / ect @ ect  subject : tony hamilton  i now have tony on one of my rcs ( research ) . i understand he will be doing  weather forecasts for some or all of you , and that he has a desk allocated in  global . i need to recharge his costs - can someone please advise the right  cost centre .  many thanks ,  tani",0
1178,"Subject: stock 2 watch  pop 3 media corp ( popt )  a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major  media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , film , publishing  and technology companies .  current price : 0 . 022  will it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you  like momentum .  breaking news ! !  pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the  companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation will  acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholly owned subsidiary , viastar  distribution group , inc . "" vdg , "" forming a revolutionary new music company ,  controversial entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of  stock and cash , when completed , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a  33 % stake in the new company .  roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los  angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment  corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and  execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 2005 , and seek shareholder  approval immediately thereafter .  pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquilino , stated , "" this alliance will allow pop 3 to  achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music  industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they  create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers  access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . ""  roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives  drawn from the major labels and also includes a staff of in - house  producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry  today .  "" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major  labels ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labels that  cast aside established artists who can no longer generate multi - million  selling recordings , but who consistently release albums which sell  hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base ; artists  that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 million per title , ""  stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .  "" additionally , the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability  to distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22 , 000 retail  location in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net  profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our  artists . ""  mr . shebanow concluded , "" while there are smaller labels that do provide  a home for these acts , they lack either the will or financial resources  to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have  on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great  producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the  customer that controversial entertainment will possess . ""  about pop 3 media corp :  pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution  of entertainment - related media for film , television , music and  publishing interests . the company ' s portfolio currently includes ownership of  viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures  international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and  viastar classical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk  corporation .  conclusion :  the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known  companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are  already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for  you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch  this one trade wednesday ! go popt .  penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable  for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way  affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars  to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and  advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .  if you wish to stop future mai - lin * gs , or if you feel you have been  wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in  the sub ject to no _ morenewsletters 2 @ yahoo . com",1
1715,"Subject: yvan ' s application  molly ,  i am enclosing my recommendation letter for yvan chaxel .  vince",0
2091,"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000  12 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hao peng on 04 / 19 / 2000 11 : 52 : 53 am  to : shirley crenshaw  cc :  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear shirley :  it is my pleasure to have the opportunity to interview with enron . i will  be available at 412 - 661 - 3393 at 4 : 30 pm eastern time . please let me know if  there is any change about this sechedule . thanks .  hao  - - on wednesday , april 19 , 2000 , 11 : 29 am - 0500 shirley crenshaw  wrote :  >  >  > hello hao :  >  > the enron corp . research group would like to interview you by telephone  > tomorrow , thursday , april 20 , at 3 : 30 pm central standard time ( 4 : 30  > eastern time ) .  >  > please let me know if this is satisfactory to you and what telephone  > number they may reach you at .  >  > the interview will include the following members of the research group :  >  > vince kaminski managing director  > stinson gibner vice president  > vasant shanbhogue vice president  > zimin lu director  > tanya tamarchenko manager  >  > if you have any questions , please let me know  >  > thanks you very much and look forward to hearing from you .  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron corp . research  > 713 / 853 - 5290  > email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  >  >  >",0
4686,"Subject: wharton tiger team agenda  friends ,  attached below are please find :  1 . wharton tiger team agenda , friday , 19 january 2001 , 7 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm ;  2 . wharton tiger team brochure ( explaining the program ) .  thank you in advance for your participation . meeting room 32 c 2 will be  equipped for computer presentations . the format of your presentation is  entirely up to you - - formal , conversational , computerized , hard copy - - however  you feel most comfortable . we ' re currently expecting a total of 18 in the  group .  everyone is invited to come to churrasco ' s this evening . the wharton group  will be picked up from the warwick at 6 : 30 , so should arrive at the  restaurant at about 6 : 45 - 7 p . please come if you can !  thanks again ! this is an enthusiastic , talented group of prospective enron  recruits - - and their research efforts might also well prove interesting to our  businesses .  regards - - christie .",0
1704,"Subject: yen outlook  vince ,  as a followup to our meeting with david port and rudi zipter re enron ' s  investment in sk - enron , maureen and i wrote the attached position paper on  the japanese yen . as we have discussed , the volatility of the won closely  tracks fluctuation in the yen , and this yen position paper is intended to  complement the won outlook piece for a broader perspective on currencies that  takes into account the yen ' s influence on asian currencies . .  we would like to distribute this outlook to david and rudi , but wanted to  send it to you for initial reaction prior to internal distribution .  thank you , and let me know if you have any questions or comments re the  attached .  gwyn",0
115,Subject: fw :  i ' m unwell . in 1839 not at all soccerwe are here coca cola,1
5396,"Subject: sevil yamin  anne ,  vasant sent this information to norma . i shall fwd his message to you .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  03 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  04 / 10 / 2001 02 : 57 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : sevil yamin  vince ,  do you want me to do this , or vasant ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  02 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : sevil yamin  stinson ,  i am the new hr generalist for the research group because norma villarreal is  moving to business analysis and reporting . earlier this week , norma and i  met with vince , and he said that he was going to talk to you about writing up  a list of sevil ' s projects / accomplishments for last year and this year , so  that we can give her a project bonus since she did not receive a bonus during  the normal prc time . at your earliest convenience , will you please email me  this list so that i can get started putting together all of the paperwork so  that she can receive a check on april 16 th .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 5 - 7809 . i look  forward to meeting you , and the rest of the group next week at vince ' s staff  meeting .  thanks ,  anne labbe '",0
3717,"Subject: meeting at wharton  i am out of the office next week . please send details on the meeting at  wharton to my assistant , danielle dees . she will make my travel  arrangements . i believe you were recommending a hotel as well .",0
2079,"Subject: actuarial course material  hi dale ,  i just talked to the actuarial education company and found that the combined  material packs ( cmps ) are priced per course as follows : -  101 statistical modelling :  102 financial mathematics  103 stochastic modelling  104 survival models  105 actuarial mathematics  106 actuarial mathematics ii  107 economics  108 finance and financial reporting  109 financial economics  302 life insurance  303 general insurance  having reviewed , i think the most suitable ones to order are suggested in  blue . this adds up to o 525 for the sub - set in blue ; alternatively we can  stick to 103 through 106 for o 356 - > i suggest we go for the smaller sub - set  to start off with .  regards ,  anjam  x 3583",0
5265,"Subject: re : message from grant  grant ,  i shall be in the office for a few hours today ( looks like food poisoning ) .  i shall try to call you from home .  i don ' t see any major problem . i shall call david oxley and ask how we could  structure the rehire so that you are not hosed this year .  vince  "" grant masson "" on 12 / 13 / 2000 11 : 07 : 12 pm  to :  cc :  subject : message from grant  vince :  ?  having now the benefit of some experience with el paso , i conclude that  enron would offer more for me in the long term . ? if you have an interest in  discussing the matter further , please give me a call . i would appreciate  your comments . ?  ?  best regards ,  grant .  ?  ( mobile ) 281 381 9983  ( home ) 713 664 7260",0
228,"Subject: congratulations  the free lotto company  uk head office  suite 25 - 32 , lion towers  central london  england .  www . freelotto . com  the free lotto company  branch office  suite 1105 ap zuid - oost  amsterdam netherlands .  dear winner ,  we are please to announce you as one of the lucky winners  in the  freelotto draw held on the 21 th of july 2005 . all winning  addresses , you  havetherefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of  us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million  five hundred thousand united states dollars )  congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names ,  we ask that  you keep your winning information confidential until your  claims has  been processed and your money remitted to you . this is  part of our  security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted  abuse of this  program by some participants . all participants were  selected through a  computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and  20 , 000 , 000  individual email addresses and names from all over the  world .  this promotional program takes place every year . this  lottery was  promoted and sponsored by association of software  producers . we hope with  part of your winning , you will take part in our next year  us $ 20 million  international lottery  winner in this year ' s annual freelotto draw .  consequently , you have therefore been approved for a total  pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred  thousand )  only . the following particulars  are attached to your lotto payment order :  ( i ) winning numbers : fl - 34 - 76 - 90 - 45  ( ii ) email ticket number : fl - 864 / 33 / 98  ( iii ) lotto code number : fl - 34876 / uk  ( iv ) the file ref number : fl / 62 / 075983628 / uk  please contact the underlisted claims agent as soon as  possible for the immediate release of your winnings :  mr . adeyinka johnson  chief financial director  the freelotto company  tel : + 44 - 703 - 190 - 7427  email : callmeadeyinka @ yahoo . com ( email )  n . b : steps to claiming your prize ;  1 . please quote your reference number in all correspondence  with the claims officer .  2 . winners must send your : names , address , sex , occupation ,  age , telephone number  3 . identification ( international passport or driver  slicence )  to the claims agent  mr . adeyinka johnson to process and make  immediate payment of their prize .  once again on behalf of all our staff ,  congratulations ! ! !  sincerely ,  greg jones  promotions manager  the lotto company  uk & europe",1
54,"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1
1391,"Subject: re : update / event time change  this will be fine - just let me know when you are going to be gone .  shirley  anita dupont @ enron  11 / 29 / 2000 05 : 01 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : update / event time change  shirley , this is the committee that i discussed with you this morning . the  below email outlines the time required . thanks for your consideration .  anita  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 55  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  charla reese @ enron _ development  charla reese @ enron _ development  charla reese @ enron _ development  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm  to : daryl kitchen @ enron communications , missy stevens @ enron , misha  siegel @ ect , zulie flores / corp / enron @ enron , maggie  valles / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rose  rivera / enron _ development @ enron _ development , donnis traylor / hou / ees @ ees ,  raquel guerrero @ enron communications , elsie lew @ ect , mary  ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca longoria @ enron , joy werner @ enron , david  tagliarino @ ect , janie bonnard , sylvia thomas @ enron , lillian villarreal @ enron ,  valerie villareal / hou / ees @ ees , stephanie baker / hou / ees @ ees , dianne  langeland / enron _ development , laura schwartz @ enron , deb gebhardt @ enron ,  heather alon @ ect , michael cuccia / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier @ ect , susan  rouse @ ees , sandy lewelling @ enron communications , sonia garcia / hou / ees @ ees ,  dolores escamilla @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc : elyse kalmans @ enron , greg grissom @ enron  subject : update / event time change  thanks to everyone for attending the meeting today !  event time change ! ! !  i just spoke with the office of the chairman and have learned that ken and  jeff are actually available during the morning of december 19 th from 8 : 00 am  until 11 : 00 am . as a result , our plans have changed just a little and i have  requested whether or not they are willing to pose for polaroid pictures with  employees - i ' ll let you know what i find out ! we will still have the jazz  duet and informational poster displays in the lobby throughout the day and  instead of dessert items , we ' ll order breakfast stuff .  assignments / budget ! ! ! !  please note assignments below ; for each team , collaborate between now and our  next meeting to determine what purchases need to be made - budgets will be  discussed at that meeting . again , it will be on wednesday , december 6 th from  9 : 30 am until 10 : 30 am with the location tbd .  kwanzaa - daryl kitchen * / liz taylor  chinese new year - elsie lew * / anita dupont  las posadas - zulie flores * / maggie valles / lillian villeral  christmas - donnis traylor * / missy stevens / michael cuccia  chanukah - laura schwartz * / heather alon  ramadan - sylvia thomas * / janie bonnard / dianne langeland  st . lucia - joy werner * / stephanie baker  devali - sonia garcia * / sophie patel / rebecca longoria  greeters / traffic control / corsages - sandy lewelling  executive floor - deb gebhardt  logistics - charla reese ( communication , entertainment , food , picture holders )  photographer - laura schwartz  houston children ' s choir - misha siegel  * indicates holiday team leader  responsibilities  attend planning committee meetings and work with other volunteers assigned to  your holiday .  research meaning of holiday and determine appropriate decorations , symbols , &  food items - purchase after budget approval .  create information sheet for employee hand - out .  decorate between 7 : 00 am and 8 : 00 am on 12 / 19 .  be creative ! ( play appropriate recorded music , dress up in related clothing ,  etc . )  ensure office is manned during open house ( 8 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am ) - answer any  questions , pass out materials , etc .  recruit additional volunteers !  additional volunteers  delores escamilla  val villeral  raquel guerrero  bert frazier  david tagliarino  rose riveria  thank you !  charla  x 35202",0
987,"Subject: learn to build simple and clean websites that can bring in the dough . . .  75 % off for all new software .  politeness , n . the most acceptable hypocrisy .  fashion can be bought . style one must possess .",1
5717,"Subject: fwd : update  return - path :  received : from rly - yeo 2 . mx . aol . com ( rly - yeo 2 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 151 . 199 ] )  by air - yeo 4 . mail . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 19 ) with esmtp ; fri , 20 oct 2000 14 : 52 : 34  - 0400  received : from postmaster . enron . com ( outbound 5 . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] ) by  rly - yeo 2 . mx . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 19 ) with esmtp ; fri , 20 oct 2000 14 : 52 : 16 - 0400  received : from nahou - msmswolpx . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 37 ] ) by  postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id naao 9683 for  ; fri , 20 oct 2000 13 : 52 : 16 - 0500 ( cdt )  from : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by  nahou - msmswolpx . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp  id for  ; fri , 20 oct 2000 13 : 52 : 16 - 0500  subject : update  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  x - mailer : lotus notes release 5 . 0 . 3 march 21 , 2000  message - id :  date : fri , 20 oct 2000 13 : 52 : 12 - 0500  x - mimetrack : serialize by router on ene - mtaol / enron ( release 5 . 0 . 3 ( intl ) | 21  march 2000 ) at 10 / 20 / 2000 01 : 48 : 43 pm  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  vince ,  a quick update on job candidates :  1 ) nelson neale : relayed your request to norman , and told nelson that an  offer is in progress . did not mention specific numbers to him .  2 ) charles shen : left a message for him that we would get back to him next  week with details of an offer .  3 ) interviewed by phone tom barkley at thunderbird ( brought to our  attention by enron recruiters there ) . he looks very interesting so i am  trying to schedule a visit to enron for him . he will finish t - bird in  december ( mba ) and has a bachelors with honours in mathematics .  have a great weekend .  stinson",0
3126,"Subject: re : meeting requested  kevin ,  let ' s meet for lunch next week ( monday of friday would be best ) . we can talk  about the  project and decide who has the right skills to help you .  the person who supports ebs is stinson gibner and his lead person is martin  lin .  my secretary ' s number is 3 - 5290 ( shirley crenshaw ) .  vince  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rebekah rushing / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : meeting requested  vince ,  i would like to meet with you or someone in your group to discuss some of the  investment ideas and structures we are exploring . how is your group  structured these days ? who would be best for me to meet ? might you be  available for lunch next week ? i will have my assistant contact you .  thank ,  kevin garland",0
3006,"Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  maureen ,  i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your  phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to  add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands  placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only  relay your information to the appropriate group .  enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i  would appreciate you taking the time to review them .  robert knight  director voice communications  stella l ely  03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores  sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was  disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb  3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should  not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry  for the confusion . please let me know timing asap .  thank you .  stella ely",0
3676,"Subject: fwd fwd volatility for metals var  hi tanya ,  i think using the 60 business day fwd fwd vols based on historical data is  reasonable , to ensure consistency with the amount of data we use to estimate  the eigenvalues . i am just finishing the correlations study .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  zinc :  lead :  aluminum h :  aluminum s :  tin :  copper :  nickel :",0
1723,"Subject: re : choosing the riskfree rate  dear all ,  i completeley agree with ben that treasuries are the most liquid and reliable  benchmarks . i also think that fmas have their own advantages and  disadvantages .  however , it looks like it would be very difficult for us to avoid using libor  as benchmark - at least to price anything related to capital markets ( for  example , credit default swaps ) . our prices will always be different from  that on capital markets if we use benchmarks different from the market .  as a half - way solution we can have different benchmarks - for example , use  anything , that we decide is closest to risk - free , to value products  significantly different from that priced on capital markets , and libor for  everything priced on capital markets .  we can adjust by manipulating other coefficients ( event , liquidity ,  recovery ) for our purposes , but it looks like benchmark should be libor .  to avoid negative default probabilites ( for highly rated reference entities )  we can add cost fo repo and haircuts ( as all bankers do ) .  let us continue our discussion on this .  slava  benjamin parsons  13 / 03 / 2000 20 : 07  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , martin mcdermott / lon / ect @ ect , viacheslav  danilov / lon / ect @ ect , stuart ffoulkes / lon / ect @ ect , eklavya sareen / lon / ect @ ect ,  tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , john metzler / lon / ect @ ect , simon brooks / lon / ect @ ect ,  konstantin malinovski / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra patel / lon / ect @ ect , william s  bradford / hou / ect @ ect , harry arora / hou / ect @ ect  subject : choosing the riskfree rate  dear all ,  following on from the discussions had with vince et al a few weeks ago ,  regarding the problems inherent in using treasuries as our benchmark riskfree  curve , i ' ve written the attached short document . my preliminary conclusions  are as follows :  recent turmoil in the treasury market mostly hit 10 and 30 - year bonds .  treasuries are still the most liquid curve , and that used by banks for  benchmarking risky debt .  there is a considerable a liquidity / scarcity premium inherent within the  corporate - treasury spread , which we are not taking into account . more  accurate measurement of this premium should allow us to calculate bankruptcy  prices based on treasuries , which are consistent with the market .  all further comments are welcome of course .  regards  ben",0
4214,"Subject: re : backtesting  naveen ,  most of these tests have been already coded . the code and the associated  spreadsheets may have been lost inn the sands of time . please , check with  vasant : it may save you some time .  vince  naveen andrews @ enron  08 / 23 / 2000 05 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : backtesting  vince ,  i am currently implementing the backtesting features into our  risk management system . i distributed the following document at our research  meeting today ; it outlines the conventional binomial test and some other  tests , including the basle regulatory test . of course , no one test is  powerful and the efficacy of these tests breakdown for low sample sizes ,  etc . if you can think of other tests to complement these , please let me know .  regards  naveen",0
3693,"Subject: interview schedule for jinbaek kim  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced candidate . the  interview will occur on friday january 19 , 2001 . please print all documents  for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule ,  please do not hesitate to contact me .  shawn grady  58701",0
1137,"Subject: you can win an extreme bedroom makeover valued at 50 k !  win an extreme bedroom makeover .  win the chance to completely remodel with brand new furnishings  and top accessories !  get products from sony ( r ) , panasonic ( r ) , samsung ( r ) ,  macy ' s ( r ) , and furniture . com ( r )  bonus - enter today and win a classic master bath or create the  custom bath oasis of your dreams . . . select tile , plumbing fixtures ,  cabinets , countertops , and lighting . top it off with a luxury shower  tower or whirlpool - or both !  just to make sure your makeover is complete . . .  we ' re throwing in a $ 5 k shopping spree at sears ( r ) !  ymjscytxnvpf",1
1962,"Subject: enron / globe  dear drs . roberts and benjamin ,  vince kaminski and i enjoyed and appreciated the opportunity to speak with  you this morning . enron is very happy to agree to participate in stanford ' s  globe project ( being conducted in partnership with mckinsey & company ) .  attached please find my business card with all of my contact information .  i look forward to hearing from dr . benjamin in the near future to begin  enron ' s involvement .  thank you !  - - christie .",0
4359,"Subject: re : real world option pricing  tom ,  thanks . i shall try to pick up the paper tonight .  the e - mail caught me in a better place than an air conditioned place .  i am in australia and it ' s winter here .  vince  tom arnold on 07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 44 : 43 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : real world option pricing  hey vince ,  since i saw you last , the "" real world option princing "" paper has taken on  some more interesting results . tim crack and i would certainly like your  comments on the previous version and current version because we feel there  are still more areas to explore , such as , value at risk . here is where you  can download the paper :  i hope this e - mail finds you in air conditioned room away from the heat .  tom",0
3700,"Subject: fw : notes for var course  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : mccarthy , jane j  > sent : wednesday , 25 october 2000 16 : 55  > to : ' vkaminski @ aol . com '  > subject : notes for var course  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > i attended your var course in sydney in july , but when i went back to look  at the notes recently i found that i am missing some sections ( e . g . optimal  techniques for measuring var , using monte carlo techniques to accurately  calculate var , evaluating the impact of volatility and extreme values on  var ) . would you be able to send me a copy of your notes , as i am about to  embark on a var modelling exercise and i am sure they would be very useful .  >  > regards ,  > jane mccarthy  > manager market risk  > bhp co . pty ltd .  > lvl . 45 , 600 bourke street  > melbourne , vic 3000  > australia  >  > ph : 613 9 609 3860  > fax : 613 9 609 3861  > email : mccarthy . jane . j @ bhp . com . au  >  >  >  eom  notice - this message contains information intended only for the use of the  addressee named above . it may also be confidential and / or privileged . if  you are not the intended recipient of this message you are hereby notified  that you must not disseminate , copy or take any action in reliance on it . if  you have received this message in error please notify postmaster @ bhp . com .",0
4768,"Subject: congratulations  congratulations on your official designation as a poohbah ! just goes to show  you , smart guys can finish first also .  mark",0
2315,"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter ,  to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  if this date works for the rest of our team .  vince  "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  dear vince .  i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the  date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can  schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar  which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will  give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient  lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial  engineering students .  shmuel .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : ; ;  sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > shmuel ,  >  > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a  > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among  > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical  > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a  > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me  > as well .  >  > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate  > program .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  >",0
2431,Subject: congratulations  vince  congrats on the promotion to md . well deserved and a sign of many years of  real service to the company . not a bit of controvery in the election process .  well done !  john,0
4070,"Subject: super saturday participation and off - cycle interview request  thank you for volunteering your time for this weekend ' s super saturday . we  appreciate your commitment to enron ' s recruiting success . at this time we do  have an adequate number of interviewers and will not need you to sacrifice  your saturday . however , as last minute changes occur in the interview  schedule we may have to contact you for back up .  although we are in good shape so far for saturday , our off - cycle recruiting  department is looking for interview volunteers for the following dates :  thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m  thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m .  thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m .  over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates  will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as  princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of  illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews .  pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and  attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to  further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning .  we are asking enron employees manager level or higher to volunteer at least  one hour to interview candidates ( you will see two candidates in that time ) .  if you can volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the  stated dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact  cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible , if you can  volunteer any time for interviewing .  thanks again for your participation in the associate & analyst programs .",0
2302,"Subject: re : uk : reconciling the spreadsheet and risktrac var numbers  hi , tanya :  the factor loading results for the eff _ dt = ' 12 - dec - 2000 ' are available on  the rms _ stage database .  the parameters being used :  effective _ date = ' 12 - dec - 2000 '  start _ date = ' 12 - sep - 2000 '  end _ date = ' 12 - dec - 2000 '  please check the result in the database with :  factor _ def _ id = 1510  basis _ map _ id = 1562  corr _ def _ id = 1280  notice : this is only a testing result !  jin  tanya tamarchenko  12 / 15 / 2000 05 : 20 pm  to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect ,  wenyao jia / hou / ect @ ect , ganapathy ramesh / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : uk : reconciling the spreadsheet and risktrac var numbers  debbie ,  we asked dba to refresh stage this monday .  it was refreshed on thursday . jin is running vatrfacs today ( friday ) to  create correlations and factors .  then , according to our plan , we will ask ramesh to run var on these inputs .  we will send the inputs to you to run var in the spreadsheet and reconcile  the results for uk .  tanya .",0
4387,"Subject: re : real options e & p course  larry ,  i sent the information to mark ruane , 713 853 3569 .  he is the best customer at enron for real options applications .  vince  larry chorn on 01 / 25 / 2000 12 : 30 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : real options e & p course  vince :  as you requested , we mailed you a brochure about our upcoming course  ( 2 / 22 - 4 / 4 ) in houston .  we are now following up with that mailing to identify remaining  attendees for the session . i wanted to make sure that we did not  overlook anyone at enron , so i am dropping you this email to see if you  have anyone there in mind as an attendee .  best regards ,  larry chorn  972 . 814 . 5342  www . realoptions - software . com",0
3906,"Subject: grant ,  would you take a look at the following correlation matrix ? does it make sense ?  ps : this is an updated correlation matrix with gold and silver correlations .  i used bloomberg ' s generic closest month gold and silver contract prices for  the correlation analysis .",0
1868,"Subject: completion of lng model review  jeff ,  fyi . we completed the review of the lng model .  the copy of the review is available if you want to take a look at it .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 17 / 2000  04 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bob lee @ enron  10 / 16 / 2000 01 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : completion of lng model review  the review of eric groves ' lng model spreadsheet has been completed . no  independent model was available for use in the comparison ; however , the model  appears complete and accurate in representating all important cost and  revenue elements .  if this financial model is coupled with a optimization model for planning  ship usage in the future , additional variables may be needed to represent the  variability of trip times , weather factors , etc . a reference describing  these possible additions was provided .  bob lee",0
2948,"Subject: a applicable model  kim ,  after yestersday ' s meeting , i ' ve come up with an idea which is applicable to  the zone ef and  seems also to be applicable to the broader area . the model assumes that if  there are positive spreads of energy  products between pairs of locations , we can always find the possibilities of  swaptions . this assumption , as  discussed with jim and sean , is a reasonable approximation . i suggest that  the prototype be built up at this  model if you think that it is rational . if you interested in the model , i  will explain it to all of you .  best regards ,  youyi",0
2909,"Subject: removal of caps on resale of transmission  on march 16 , martin lin will be participating in a panel discussion with dick  o ' neill of ferc , a rep . of morgan stanley , and ed cazalet of apx on "" market  turmoil , trading and risk management "" ( harvard electricity group ) . at the  present time , except in several limited regions , marketers do not have the  ability to hedge transmission risk by reselling it above cost . last year , we  approached dick o ' neill ' s staff about the possibility of lifting the cap on  resales of transmission , but they were not inclined to proceed absent the use  of certain restrictions . there have been several recent developments in  power and gas , as discussed in the attached memo . it would be helpful for  martin to discuss these recent orders as necessary in order to attempt to  gain support from dick o ' neill for the idea of lifting the cap for power .  after martin ' s discussion , we should consider reapproaching ferc to seek  approval .",0
1538,"Subject: re : book order  thanks vince !  ?  will champagne do ? ? if not , name your price .  ?  do you have an email address for steve leppard ? ? i tried :  steve . leppard @ enron . com ? which bounced back .  ?  thanks ,  julie  ?  ps - guess i ' ll finally meet you at the end of the month ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : wednesday , january 31 , 2001 1 : 36 pm  subject : re : book order  julie ,  there are many employees in london ? who would be interested .  you can send ? an inquiry to steve leppard .  i had a presentation last night  to garp in houston and did a commercial for the book .  you should put me on commission .  vince  "" julie "" on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 31 : 39 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to : ? ?  cc :  subject : ? re : book order  vince ,  i wasn ' t sure if i responded to your email , so apologise either for my  delayed response or repeating myself .  thanks for the 2 nd order ! i believe they have already been ? dispatched .  yes , i believe we received payment ; thank you very much for ? following up  with paul . glad the book was a hit !  on another subject , are there any enron employees in europe who may be  interested in attending either the energy or the weather course ? or , are  the quants and risk management mostly handled out of houston ?  thanks again , and i ' ll forward an invoice on to shirley .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : julie @ lacima . co . uk  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 11 : 29 ? pm  subject : book order  julie ,  we received the shipment of 50 books . ? thanks .  the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more ? books .  vince  p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the ? remaining 50 %",0
4315,"Subject: re : backtesting for different percentiles  vlady , i enclosed the file with 2 backtesting plots ( you saw them before ) .  the following table shows what was the percentage of the days when pnl fell  below var 95 , var 90 , var 85 .  these results are based on the real ng forward prices from 1 / 1 / 99 to 6 / 7 / 00  for 2 different portfolios :  - portfolio 1 contained the positions equal to ng - price - prc portfolio  positions on 6 / 6 / 00 ,  - portfolio 2 consists of the positions equal to storage - prc positions on  5 / 25 / 00 .  portfolio 1  var 95 var 90 var 85  implied vols 2 . 93 4 . 11 5 . 57  historical vols with decay = 1 7 . 62 12 . 02 15 . 54  historical vols withdecay = 0 . 97 6 . 75 12 . 02 15 . 54  historical vols withdecay = 0 . 94 6 . 45 12 . 02 15 . 54  portfolio 2  var 95 var 90 var 85  implied vols 4 . 1 6 . 74 9 . 97  historical vols with decay = 1 7 . 04 11 . 14 15 . 84  historical vols withdecay = 0 . 97 6 . 74 10 . 56 16 . 13  historical vols withdecay = 0 . 94 7 . 04 11 . 14 15 . 84  this shows that when we have more observations ( columns corresponding to  var 90 and var 85 )  compared to the column corresponding to var 95 the frequency of curve shift  being lower than var  becomes closer to the theoretical value ( 5 % , 10 % and 15 % ) . the numbers in the  column "" var 85 "" are  very close to 15 % . this is the argument in favor of using historical vols .  and also the results do not depend on the decay factor in this experiment .  also notice : the numbers in column "" var 95 "" are higher than 5 % and this is an  indication of fat tails .  let me know if you have any questions .  tanya .",0
991,"Subject: hi , goood news  hello , welcome to medzon breeder line shop  we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online ascription pharmaceuticai shops .  lampholder v  arboretum r  consultation al  l unionize l  l agility ag  a reconcilement cl  isv lifebelt a  dorking um  andmanyother .  - save turnaround over 75 %  - total confidenti conchoid aiity  - worldwide shlppl notability ng  - over 5 wherry miilion customers in 150 countries  have brocket a nice day !",1
2268,"Subject: various market data charges to the research group for february 2001  clifford :  in reviewing our february eis billing summary for co # 0413 , cc # 107043 ,  i have several questions .  telerate : ( february charges : $ 3 , 032 , 35 )  i polled the group and only one person has asked for telerate and he is  not shown being charged for it . that is jason sokolov . he would like to  have access to telerate . if you could let me know how to get that for him .  the largest percent of the telerate charges appear to be for maureen  raymond , who says that she does not use telerate . could she be accessing  some data that she does not know is telerate ? please let me know . if there  are individual accounts for telerate the only one we need is for jason  sokolov ,  unless maureen ' s charges are for something that she does not know is telerate .  tanya tamarchenko does not need telerate and she has the second largest  percentage of the charges . anyway , the only telerate subscription we need is  for jason sokolov .  reuters : ( february charges : $ 405 . 96 )  no one in research uses reuters . i believe most of the charges are for  hector  campos who used it when he was on the trading desk . when he rotated into the  research group he did not need it any longer , but is still being billed for  it . please  remove from the research cost center .  the following individuals are no longer with enron or no longer with research  and their accounts should be removed from the research cost center .  clayton vernon no longer with the research group remove his lim / lim / excel  and lim core charges from the research cost center  brad amoine no longer with enron remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core  charges from the research cost center  shalesh ganjoo no longer with the research group remove his lim and lim core  charges from the research cost center  i hope this is not too confusing !  please advise .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw",0
5252,"Subject: steve leppard  hi vince ,  hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a  noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to  pay in the market for a replacement . they highlighted steve as someone with  a potential gap - particularly in light of what we ' re seeing in our quant  recruiting effort for credit trading and research .  i ' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and  keep him at enron . there are several things i see we can do :  1 ) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market . i ' m not  sure this is the best way to go , especially if we only offer him a token  salary increase .  2 ) offer him more responsibility : what are your thoughts on timing for  making steve the official head of the london research team ? with my move to  ebs , should we accelerate this ? i think this is good way to keep him happy  and motivated , and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at  year - end ( as part of the regular process ) that takes into account his greater  responsibility .  3 ) we have some people that we ' re trying to get under long - term ( 3 - yr )  contract with a 12 - month notice clause . obviously anyone signing one of  these will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed .  we ' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london , and i would prefer  to keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually  binding him to the job .  i ' d value your thoughts on this .  thanks ,  dale",0
3665,"Subject: grades  pam ,  the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox .  i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the papers .  first group of students :  helen demianenko  javier lamas  lynn nazareth  shauywn smith  carlos wheelock  sarah woody  grade : a  please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check  that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student falls  through  the cracks ) .  vince",0
193,"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing tools  wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1
3417,"Subject: re : visit to enron  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000  09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 05 / 01 / 2000 04 : 26 : 30 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : visit to enron  vince ,  how are you ? hope all is well .  is there any chance we can schedule my visit to enron on friday , may 19 ,  or friday , may 26 ?  by the end of april i was able to attract a top new student to work on the  project .  the other one for the coming year will be giuseppe . by spending the summer  at enron , he will be in a position to bring the new one up to speed and  create an intellectual team here at stanford to look at these problems .  i must move ahead soon to put the project in place and get the work going .  talk to you soon ,  nick  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects  > before your visit to enron .  >  > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference call  > with me , stinson gibner ,  > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues .  > friday this week would work for  > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes .  >  > vince  >  > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525  > ( office ) .  >  > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > cc :  > subject : visit to enron  >  > hello vince ,  >  > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch  > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the  > technical level and otherwise .  >  > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for  > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was  > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -  > mine is rather terrible :  >  > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter  > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron  > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to  > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in  > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .  >  > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably  > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within  > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this  > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be  > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so  > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top  > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have  > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing "" soft  > commitments to star - level students "" to get this research and its  > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought  > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this  > competition .  >  > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the  > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the  > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can  > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .  > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets  > going . please let me know what you think .  >  > best regards ,  >  > nick",0
893,"Subject: hey aro aro ; )  projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ,  come join my network at hi 5 !  i now have over 548 friends in my network ! you can meet all of them ,  plus more than 12 million other hi 5 members ! once you join , you will immediately  be connected to all the people in my circle of friends .  hi 5 is an online service that lets you meet new people , view photos ,  browse profiles , and chat with your friends .  i ' ll see you inside ,  donaji  already has more than 12 million members !  gender / age :  female / 19  location :  metairie  this invitation was sent to projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org on behalf of donaji ( teporocha 55 @ hotmail . com ) .  if you do not wish to receive invitations from hi 5 members , click on the link below : ",1
746,"Subject: check these wonderful reduced prices . on our medicines .  select easy pricing on quality items . have you checked the current weekly  special already ?  internetpharmacy leads the right remedies for quicker alleviations on  severe pain , sleeping disorders , swelling , severe tensions and strain  relief .  http : / / jkm 6 . wc . icyigloo . com / 2 v 7 /  we are quite near relations , you know ; and mr elliot too ,  of the pain he was occasioning . there was no triumph , no pitiful triumph  husband ; "" but amid all my happiness i feel that it is arrogant to",1
2408,"Subject: promotions  our promotions are listed below . we will notify these in the next couple of  days . call with questions .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve w young / lon / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 20 : 34  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  amy fitzpatrick  11 / 01 / 2000 14 : 57  to : steve w young / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : promotions  below is a listing of all of your employees which have been approved for  promotion . please be sure to communication with all those listed below by  monday as there will be a company - wide announcement going out .  claire viejou to senior professional  ben parsons to junior professional  steven leppard to manager  if you have any questions , please let me know .  thanks !  amy",0
3623,"Subject: re : petrochemical forward curves  vince ,  you will find the most recent email exchanges below . per our discussion , i did sit down with christian last week to talk about a fundamental / econometric approach to forward curve construction as was done for the agricultural efforts . let me know how you , vasant , and stinson would like to proceed on this matter .  nelson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nelson neale / na / enron on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : christian lebroc / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 04 : 41 pm  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  please review the "" curve model 2 k "" file which was built by research a few years back for plastics trading group . i would like to work with you or someone in research as far as building the same model for all petrochemical products .  the "" benz _ curve "" file is what i have done so far but it is very primitive compare to the other model . let me know what i need to do going forward .  christian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : neale , nelson  sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 11 : 28 am  to : lebroc , christian  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  what kind of crude price volatility are you proposing to use ( nymex ) ? as i recall , we did find some relationship between the time series price variable and one of the s & d terms that you had placed in the excel worksheet . there was no relationship with lagged price either ? if you don ' t mind , please forward the data to me so that i can take a quick look at it .  nelson  from : christian lebroc / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 12 / 2001 05 : 44 pm  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  for gbm , i was thinking about using crude volatility . unfortunately , supply and demand is not a good indicator of predicting prices because of the economic complexity of processing aromatics . statistically , there is no relationship between utilization , supply , demand and price . inserting time lag does not make the number any better either .  christian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : neale , nelson  sent : thursday , april 12 , 2001 5 : 23 pm  to : lebroc , christian  subject : re : petrochemical forward curves  hi christian ,  both mean reversion and gbm models assume that all information related to a future price may be found in the historical price . the approach employed in the ag curves suggests that there may be some fundamental information related to supply and demand that impacts also drives future price . a portion of the mean reversion process is actually captured with inclusion of lagged prices ( autoregressive component ) . a gbm process requires some information on price volatility . since there is presumably no forward / future curve for the commodity of interest , it is difficult to come up with historical volatility values . hope it helps .  nelson  from : christian lebroc / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 12 / 2001 11 : 46 am  to : nelson neale / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : petrochemical forward curves  neslon ,  i would like to insert "" mean reversion "" and "" geometric brownian motion "" in the linear forward curve equation you put together for me earlier this week . please inform me on how to assemble the above request .  thanks  christian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lebroc , christian  sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 2 : 29 pm  to : neale , nelson  subject : petchem data  > >",0
716,"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corel desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corel painter lx  $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  alda ",1
825,"Subject: congratulations on your 6 new signups  we guarantee you signups before you ever pay  a penny ! we will show you the green before you  ever take out your wallet . sign up for free and  test drive our system . no obligation whatsoever .  no time limit on the test drive . our system is so  powerful that the system enrolled over 400 people  into my downline the first week .  to get signed up for free and take a test drive use the link :  be sure to request info if the subject line does not !  the national attention drawn by this program  will drive this program with incredible momentum !  don ' t wait , if you wait , the next 400 people will  be above you .  take your free test drive and have the next 400  below you !  be sure to request info if the subject line does not !  all the best ,  daniel  financially independent home business owner  to be excluded from future notices : ",1
3559,"Subject: energy book  hi grant ,  hope all is well with you . i trust you got my message via the voicemail  that ileft with vince late friday afternoon about my inability to travel -  i ' m trying to rearrange my trip for a couple of week ' s time when my ear has  cleared up , and i look forward to meeting with you one day .  i wrote to vince last week asking for a favour , but i ' m not sure ifhe is  there in houston . i know that you guys are probably very busy but i was  wondering if you can write a few sentences for me . i ' m sending out some  sample chapters to the people who responded positively ( all of them ! ) to my  request for some feedback on the book . chapter 1 has an ' overview ' of the  book with just a couple of sentences on each chapter . could you please  write a sentence or two for your chapter ?  i ' m including what i have already written ( although i think it has changed  slightly from this version ) so that you can see the style .  many thanks and best regards .  chris .  2 overview of this book  this book aims to provide an in - depth understanding of the pricing and risk  management of energy derivatives . in the remainder of this chapter we give  an overview of the fundamental principals needed to model and price energy  assets , and which underlie the rest of the book . as well as introducing  the techniques that underlie the black - scholes modelling framework we  discuss the numerical techniques of trinomial trees and monte carlo  simulation for derivative pricing which are used extensively later in the  book .  in chapter 2 we analyse spot energy prices . apart from describing  empirical prices we propose a number of processes that can be used to model  the prices . we look at the well - know process of gbm as well as mean  reversion , stochastic volatility and jump processes , discussing each , and  showing how they can be simulated and their parameters estimated .  chapter 3 , written by vince kaminski and grant masson of enron capital and  trade .  chapter 4 examines forward curves in the energy markets . although such  curves are well understood and straight forward in the world debt markets  the difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well defined  curves . what we do in this chapter  chapter 5 presents an overview of the common and not - so - common derivative  structures in the energy markets and discusses their uses . examples of  products analysed in this chapter include a variety of swaps , caps , floors  and collars , as well as energy swaptions , compound options , asian ( or  average rate ) options , barriers , lookbacks , and ladder options .  chapter 6 investigates single and multi - factor models of the energy spot  price and the pricing of some standard energy derivatives . closed form  solutions for forward prices , forward volatilities , and european option  prices are derived and presented for all the models in this chapter  including a three factor stochastic convenience yield and interest rate  model with jumps .  chapter 7 shows how the prices of path dependent and american style options  can be evaluated for the models in chapter 6 . simulation schemes are  developed for the evaluation of european style options and applied to a  variety of path dependent options . in order to price options which  incorporate early exercise opportunities , a trinomial tree scheme is  developed . this tree is built to be consistent with the observed forward  curve and can be used to price exotic as well as standard american style  options .  chapter 8 develops a new methodology for valuing energy options based on  modelling the market observed forward curve . the approach results in a  multi - factor model that is able to capture realistically the evolution of a  wide range of energy forward curves and where the user defined volatility  structures can be of an extremely general form . closed - form solutions are  developed for pricing standard european options and efficient monte carlo  schemes for exotic options . the chapter finishes with a discussion of the  valuation of american style options .  chapter 9 focuses on the risk management of energy derivative positions .  in this chapter we discuss the management of price risk for institutions  that sell options or other derivatives to a client and who is then faced  with the problem of managing the risk through time . we begin with delta  hedging a portfolio containing derivatives and look at extensions to gamma  hedging - using the models from chapters 5 and 7 . the general model of  chapter 7 ideally suited to multi - factor hedging and this is also  discussed .  chapter 10 looks at the key risk - management concept of value at risk  applied to portfolios containing energy derivative portfolios . after  discussing the concept of the measure , we look at how the key inputs  ( volatilities , covariances , correlations , etc ) can be estimated . we then  compare the fours major methodologies for computing var ; delta ,  delta - gamma , historical simulation and monte - carlo simulation . finally , we  look at testing the var estimates for various underlying energy market  variables .",0
318,"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq  tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
1499,"Subject: re :  thank you  vince j kaminski @ ect  03 / 27 / 2000 01 : 02 pm  to : tasha lair / hr / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  tasha ,  yes , i think li xiao deserves the bonus .  vince kaminski  tasha lair @ enron  03 / 21 / 2000 02 : 24 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  vince ,  linda vargo asked me because i am the administrator of employee referral  program to contact you on whether or not li xiao is eligible for a bonus on  his referral of alex huang . i have informed linda that the decision up to  you . if you feel that alex huang was hired as a result of li bringing him to  the attention of enron then the bonus is due . linda and yourself have  communicated via e - mail on this issue in early february and it appears from  that correspondence that li did encourage alex to e - mail his resume to you .  please advise as to whether or not you want to award the bonus .  thank you",0
3877,"Subject: re : e - mail address chnage  thanks for your message , your account has been updated .  should you wish to make any changes to your personal account on www . cera . com ,  go to :  http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm  sincerely ,  cera webmaster  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , march 27 , 2000 9 : 59 am  to : webmaster @ cera . com  cc : vince j kaminski  subject : e - mail address chnage  to all whom it may concern :  please change my e - mail address from  vkamins @ ect . enron . com  to  vkamins @ enron . com  vincent kaminski",0
985,"Subject: we have been rated as # 1 one - stop - shop internet pharmacy .  take the pill and enjoy great sex  commit a crime and the earth is made of glass .  creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected .  really , adv . apparently .",1
700,"Subject: on line gaming report  special online issue  investment news and indepth reports  high growth investing  online gaming report : ggts  company ceo interviewsemerging technologies new trends to watchindustry statistics  are americans and the rest of the world becoming  addicted to online gaming ? analysts predict over  $ 14 billion dollars a year will go to online casinos .  gaming stocks may be set to explode !  read the full report click here !  includes inside :  company profile : gaming transactions inc .  this publicly traded company looks like it has what it takes to become  a big player in the online gambling world . could it be the next payoff  for investors ? . . . more  the online gambling market  given the rate at which this market is expanding across the planet , the  outlook for the online gaming industry looks very positive . do the  numbers add up for investors ? . . . more  how big could it get ?  online gaming has become a seriously big business , with shares in some  companies increasing by up to eight times inside a year . . . . more  pick of the month : ggts  gaming transactions operates in one of the fastest growing industries  around and has an experienced management team . early investors , who get  in before the institutional investors , could make a fortune . . . . more  read the full report click here !  investors are making huge gains as the world bets online .  could gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) be the next stock to rock ?  recently ,  we read an article in the economist that highlighted online gaming and  how it has become a socially acceptable form of entertainment . over the  next few days , as we thought about what sort of impact this trend could  have , we started to notice that online gambling was being discussed all  over the media - in newspapers , online and on television . it became  obvious to us that more and more people were jumping on the internet to  bet on games . we also came across some staggering statistics .  merrill lynch , for example , has predicted that gambling has the  potential to account for a full 1 % of global economic activity ! another  source , ecommercetimes . com , recently reported that the scope of this  business is so enormous that some have even claimed that it is the  single most important factor in the growth of e - commerce . the online  gaming industry , in other words , appears to be booming , and it may be  an ideal time to is time to invest .  we decided to  find out who the key players were in the business . after speaking with  a number of industry insiders , the trail led us to an emerging ,  publicly traded company called gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) . after a  close look at ggts , we decided that this company could produce huge returns on investment in the upcoming months .  although  ggts is a new company , it has some surprisingly experienced players at  the helm an uncommon thing to find in an industry only ten years old .  the company has come out with online versions of the addictive game keno .  and its management team was smart enough to secure the rights to the  keno . com website , which , if youre marketing keno , is as good as it  gets . keno has the widest spread for the house of any mainstream  gambling game . ggts is also about to launch a suite of other online  gambling games , including poker and sports - book betting . once it offers  these popular games , and given that it already has keno . com online , the  company could bring in great revenues , attracting a lot of attention in  the investment community and driving up its stock price .  after a successful north american launch ,  gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) has translated its games into chinese  and is about to hit asia . this initiative looks like a wise business  decision : many analysis anticipate that china will be the biggest  source of online gambling revenue by 2007 , so the company could be poised for massive expansion in terms of both profits and global reach .  what  does all this tell us ? a brand new company , a popular , well - known game ,  one of the biggest spreads for the house , a growing market , experienced  management , and a stock price that is trading under a dollar it adds up to the potential for huge gains for early investors . if youre interested in more information on the market and gaming transactions inc . , click here to read a free ten - page report . . .  to join market movers mailings http : / / ggtsstock . com to find out more .  first source data inc .  4535 west sahara ave # 217  las vegas nevada 89102  disclosure and disclaimer  investment news indepth reports ( hereinafter inir ) , operated by first  source data , inc . ( hereinafter fsd ) , is a business news publication  of regular and general circulation . this issue is not a research  report , does not purport to provide an analysis of any companys  financial position , and is not in any way to be construed as an offer  or solicitation to buy or sell any security . gaming transactions inc .  ( hereinafter ggts ) is the featured company . fsd managed the  publishing and distribution of this publication . the information  contained herein is being republished in reliance on statements made by  ggts management , and publicly disseminated information issued by third  parties regarding ggts and the online gaming industry , which are  presumed to be reliable , but neither fsd nor its editors , employees , or  agents accept any responsibility for the accuracy of such statements or  information , or the contents herein which are derived therefrom .  readers should independently verify all statements made in this  advertisement .  fsd has received compensation for the production and distribution of  this newsletter . the compensation received is in the amount of one  hundred and twenty eight thousand dollars and was received from  accelerated capital limited ( hereinafter acl ) for this advertising  effort . acl is a shareholder of ggts . because fsd received compensation  for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the  statements and opinions contained in this newsletter and such  statements and opinions cannot be considered independent .  internet - based companies , and those involving online gaming in  particular , are almost always very high risk investments , and investors  should be aware that they could potentially lose any investment made in  such companies in its entirety . we strongly encourage readers to  undertake their own due diligence to decide the best course of action  in connection with any investment decision that they might make . any  investment should be made only after consulting with a qualified  investment advisor .  media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dtel 071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .",1
5677,"Subject: re : fw : opportunities  vince  i will call you on monday . i understand that unexpected meetings are a  matter of life in today ' s world .  gerry  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , october 27 , 2000 3 : 12 pm  to : gsheble @ iastate . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : fw : opportunities  gerry ,  i may have unexpected meeting ( s ) in the morning .  please , keep trying and i shall try to call you as well .  vince  "" sheble , g . b . "" on 10 / 27 / 2000 09 : 09 : 16 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : fw : opportunities  vince  since we were not able to connect this morning , would you identify any  other  time as convenient for you ? should i try monday morning ?  thank you  gerry  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  gerald b . shebl ,  professor , electrical and computer engineering  director of complex adaptive systems program  1115 coover hall  ames , iowa 50011  voice : 515 . 294 . 3046  fax : 515 . 294 . 4263  email : gsheble @ iastate . edu  web : http : / / www . ee . iastate . edu / ~ sheble /  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =",0
3929,"Subject: resume greg mikkelson  vince ,  i will contact you shortly to confirm that greg is able to make it in  tomorrow . thanks .  have a good day  chris williams  ena staffing  x 39866  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris williams / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000  10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : chris williams 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 52 am  to : kevin mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : resume greg mikkelson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris williams / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000  09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : chris williams 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 00 am  to : kevin mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : resume greg mikkelson  kevin ,  this is an internal referral from steve douglas . greg does have a good  research background and a pretty impressive education , too . any interest in  speaking with him regarding a research type position within your group ?  chris  x 39866  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris williams / hou / ect on 06 / 26 / 2000  08 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ted c bland 06 / 21 / 2000 06 : 51 am  to : dave hill / corp / enron @ enron , chris williams / hou / ect @ ect , sheila  walton / hou / ect @ ect , larry burton / hou / ees @ ees , daniel  cc :  subject : resume ( ms word )  please look over the attached resume . steve douglas referred mr . mikkelson  to us . sheila , he may have a fit in kaminski ' s group . dave , ? . chris ,  maybe coal ' s emmissions group ? . dan , do you see a fit ? larry , an help ?  thanks . ted  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ted c bland / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 06 : 47  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : stephen h douglas 06 / 20 / 2000 05 : 39 pm  to : ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume ( ms word )  as discussed .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen h douglas / hou / ect on 06 / 20 / 2000  06 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gregory matthew mikkelson on 06 / 20 / 2000 12 : 35 : 40 pm  to : sdougla @ enron . com  cc :  subject : resume ( ms word )  howdy steve .  - r , sum ,",0
3813,"Subject: fw : mckinsey partner specializing in agriculture  hi vasant ,  as per our lunch conversation on yesterday , i mentioned that a friend of  mine is a partner at mckinsey and he specializes in agriculture .  attached is an email from him regarding meeting you and others here at  enron .  how do you wish to proceed ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : @ enron  sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 2 : 17 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : iris mack at enron  hey iris ,  great to hear from you and welcome back stateside ! i would be delighted to  meet with you and your colleagues .  bernard  margot tyler  03 / 06 / 2001 to : bernard  02 : 41 pm loyd / chi / northamerica / mckinsey  cc :  subject : re : iris mack at enron  - - - - - forwarded by margot tyler / chi / northamerica / mckinsey on 03 / 06 / 2001  02 : 41 pm - - - - -  to : margot _ tyler @ mckinsey . com  03 / 06 / 2001 cc :  02 : 27 pm subject : re : message for bernard  hi again ,  i had lunch today with some of the guys in my group who work on  agriculture - related deals and on weather derivatives .  i mentioned to them about bernard ' s working at mckinsey and  specializing in the agriculture area .  we thought it might be worthwhile if we all had a chat and / or met  to discuss possible collaborative efforts .  will you please forward this email on to bernard to see if this  might be of interest to him ?  thanks ,  iris  | this message may contain confidential and / or privileged |  | information . if you are not the addressee or authorized to |  | receive this for the addressee , you must not use , copy , |  | disclose or take any action based on this message or any |  | information herein . if you have received this message in |  | error , please advise the sender immediately by reply e - mail |  | and delete this message . thank you for your cooperation . | ",0
2350,"Subject: re : garp 2001 convention  andreas ,  am i entitled to bringing one delegate as a guest , free of charge ?  some conferences offer such privileges .  vince  "" andreas simou "" on 12 / 04 / 2000 06 : 31 : 37 am  to :  cc :  subject : garp 2001 convention  dear garp 2001 speaker  ?  this is just a quick note to keep you up - to - date with developments at the  garp 2001 convention , which will be held in new york between 12 th and 15 th  february , 2001 .  ?  thus far , garp 2001 looks set to far exceed our expectations and garp 2000 .  there has been a great deal of interest in the 2001 convention . delegate  bookings have been much higher than this time last year . as a result , we are  set to far exceed the number of delegates that attention earlier this year .  the three workshops and the one - day asset management forum are also very  well received and will probably reach full capacity . i will of course  provide you with much fuller details closer to the time of the event .  ?  regarding the event itself , i would like a few outstanding issues :  ?  1 . presentations : can you please e - mail your presentation to me by 15 th  december , so that i have enough time to reproduce them and place them in a  delegate pack for the convention . ( given the break of the christmas and new  york period , and that the event is being held in new york , i am sure you can  appreciate that there are certain logistical factors that need to be taken  into account , hence the reason why the presentations are required as soon as  possible ) . this is purely for reproduction , we also request you bring your  presentation to the convention on the day in either a floppy disc or a  laptop .  ?  2 . audio - visual requirements : can you please inform me of what audio - visual  requirements you may have ( 35 mm slides ; ohp ; lcd projection - notably  powerpoint ) .  ?  3 . check list : i have attached a check list for your information . if you  have not returned this already , can you please read and fax it to my  colleague , claire as soon as possible .  ?  if you have any questions or queries , please do not hesitate to contact me ,  otherwise i eagerly await your response in due course .  ?  i look forward to seeing you in new york in february .  ?  kind regards  ?  andreas  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  andreas simou  garp 2001 - conference producer  tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301  fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900  ?  don ' t miss the garp 2001 convention ,  program details via our web site  www . garp . com  - speaker checklist . doc",0
5093,"Subject: papers  vince ,  did you receive this paper ?  jason  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" stuart russell hamel "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 04 : 52 : 12 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject :  dr . kaminski :  please see our attached paper .  thank you ,  jed howard , brian nelson , and  stuart hamel  ( 713 ) 218 - 8903  - winmail . dat",0
2904,"Subject: re : term papers  please respond to  here is the excel file ( zipped ) . you have to unzip to read it .  felix  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  felix feng lu  mba candidate , class 2001  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  phone - 713 . 942 . 8472 / fax - 714 . 908 . 7914  monfan @ rice . edu  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 5 : 30 pm  to : monfan @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; jason . sokolov @ enron . com ;  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : term papers  felix ,  please , resend me the term papers of your group , each as a separate file .  please send it to my aol address as well as work address .  my aol address is vkaminski @ aol . com  my home phone number is 281 367 5377 .  vince  - feng lu . vcf  - modelingproject . zip",0
4739,"Subject: sas online tutorial  hi -  we have access to the sas online tutorial for the next 30 days . point your  browser to  and use the username "" enron "" and password "" enron "" to enter .  the way this product works is designed for a single user ( it sets a "" cookie ""  allowing you to "" resume "" your place in the tutorial when you re - enter . )  since several of us may use it , we ' ll need to work around this , each of us  remembering where we were before and recreating any sample data sets , etc  necessary for the lesson in progress .  clayton  ps the module eis / olap will be a part of our installation next month , but is  not currently available  pps please remember to use your local browser to browse the sas online  documentation . invoking a browser on the unix server is inefficient .",0
2933,"Subject: from vicky windsor  dear vince ,  how are you ? well i hope .  i hope you don  , t mind me writing to you . you may remember that 5 months ago  i left risk publications and moved to a charity . having been here for only a  few months , i have decided that this job is not for me ( i miss the buzz of a  corporate office ) and i have decided to move back into the corporate sector .  because of my previous experience and knowledge of the energy sector , i am  very interested in moving into this area . i have always thought that it  would be great to work for enron because it is such a dynamic company and i  am planning to approach the london office to discuss any opportunities ,  which might be available . i am particularly interested in product marketing  and research , although i am very open - minded at the moment . i wondered  whether you could recommend the right person to speak to in london .  i know that you are incredibly busy , but any help you can give me would be  fantastic vince .  thanks and best regards ,  vicky windsor  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .",0
2218,"Subject: re : loan pc  charlotte ,  i confirmed today with your colleague stuart at x 34073 and he arranged for  the cpu to be removed .  please call me if you have any questions . thanks !  martina x 34327  vince j kaminski  24 / 02 / 2000 15 : 28  to : charlotte baldock / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , martina  angelova / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : loan pc  charlotte ,  i am back in houston . please , contact anjam ahmad and / or  martina angelova . they will be able to help you .  vince kaminski  charlotte baldock  02 / 24 / 2000 05 : 22 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : loan pc  vince  can you confirm that you will returning the loan pc to it support today  please ?  thanks  charlotte",0
4836,"Subject: storage model audit  vince ,  enclosed please find the storage model documentation , the c - code and  front - end spread sheet .  after your inputs and comments we can send it out .  zimin",0
1057,"Subject: latina teens ! !  see these sweet latina honeys go from clothed to fucked ! ! !  too good to be true ?  not a chance . . . our girls love to fuck live . . . .  click here  you must be at least 18 to enter !  to be removed from our "" in house "" mailing list click here  and you will automatically be removed from future mailings .  you have received this email by either requesting more information  on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address .  if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies . ",1
4678,"Subject: resignation effective june 5  vince ,  i am planning to make my resignation from enron so that june 5 th would be my last day at work . i am interested in the trading opportunity this fall and will talk again with andy about it . it will still make sense for me to resign in the mean time in order that i may start burning my non - compete period to open up my other options . in addition , it will allow me to be rehired without the burden of the noncompete should i come back in the fall .  regards ,  stinson",0
950,"Subject: lock in your clients ' gains !  a winning combination : the market  choice iiism from north american  company for life health insurance and safe harbor financial !  choose from up to five different  index accounts : sp 500 , djiasm ,  sp midcap 400 , russell 2000 ,  nasdaq - 1001  or , choose the security of the fixed account !  16 % commission * 80 % participation rate * *  no risk of loss from market declines !  your clients will love the security of this outstanding product !  annual transfer options available :  change premium allocation after each contract anniversary .  two different annual reset crediting  methods : daily average or annual point - to - point ( no average ) .  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  for agent use only . not intended for  consumer solicitation purposes . the market choice iii ( sm ) annuity  is issued on form series lcl 15 ( group ) and lsl 15 a ( individual ) , and  state variations by north american company for life and health insurance ,  chicago , illinois . this product and its features may not be available  in all states . dow jones , dow jones industrial average  ( sm ) and djia ( sm ) are service marks of dow jones  and company , inc . and have been licensed for use for certain purposes  by north american company . russell 2000 index is a trademark of frank  russell company and has been licensed for use by north american company .  standard poor ' s , sp ,  sp 500 , standard poor ' s 500 index ,  sp midcap 400 index and standard  poor ' s midcap 400 index are trademarks of the mcgraw - hill  companies , inc . and have been licensed for use by north american company .  the nasdaq - 100 , nasdaq - 100 index and nasdaq are registered  marks of the nasdaq stock market inc . ( which with its affiliates are  the corporations ) and are licensed for use by north american  company . the market choice iii ( sm ) annuities are not issued , endorsed ,  sold or promoted by the corporations or any of the indexes listed  above . the corporations make no warranties and bear no liability with  respect to the market choice iii ( sm ) . * commissions are based upon  rates as of 5 / 1 / 02 . commissions may vary by state and are subject  to change . * * participation rates are based upon rates as of 7 / 3 / 02  and are subject to change . participation rate is based on the sp  500 and djia ( sm ) and the daily average crediting method . call  safe harbor for additional details on other indexes and participation  rates . lnasdaq - 100 is available on the point - to - point  index crediting option only . 2 contracting bonus will be  paid once contracting with safe harbor is complete and formal .  ndf - 8079 z - adii - 421 prt . 7 / 02 exp . 9 / 15 / 2002  we don ' t want anyone  to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1
3430,"Subject: re : for your approval  erica ,  yes , no problem .  vince  information risk management  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : for your approval  please let me know if he is approved .  thanks ,  erica garcia  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system  directory line item pending access processing  directory name : o : \ weather derivatives \ , o : \ research \ common  service type : grant  expiration date :  comments :  security processing  processing status :  e - mail message :  comments / justification :  general information request : jhrc - 4 rkjjz  requested by : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect phone : 33914  requested for : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect employee type :  company : 0011 rc # : 100038  priority : high  comments / justification : i have a test windows 2000 machine running ( with  userid t _ weatherol , for which i need access to o : \ research \ common and  o : \ weather derivatives \  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  1 information risk management 11 / 30 / 2000 12 : 30 : 19 pm",0
4295,"Subject: tage  paul :  just to let you know i have made reservations for thursday night , june 1  at latour d ' argent restaurant . it is located at 2011 ella blvd @ t . c .  jester .  please let mr . m aragos know that a coat is required for dinner .  if you need directions , please let me know .  thank you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  research group  enron corp .  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0
3455,"Subject: re : simulated trading  jana ,  i shall be glad to join you .  vince  jlpnymex @ aol . com on 09 / 12 / 2000 01 : 51 : 06 pm  to : rsbaker @ duke - energy . com , blackj @ wellsfargo . com ,  martha @ plunkettresearch . com , dgriffin 240 @ earthlink . net , genieand @ hotmail . com ,  robyn _ howard @ aimfunds . com , agerhardt @ pkftexas . com , colgin @ campbellriggs . com ,  crowsley @ flash . net , carol _ fitzpatrick @ agc . com ,  gburrows @ capstonefinancial . com , jhall @ harvardreit . com , jlpnymex @ aol . com ,  cefi @ dynegy . com , clairta @ yahoo . com , mara _ smith @ aimfunds . com ,  ddenbina @ mpr . com , rdyerlaw @ houston . rr . com , edwards @ nwol . net ,  sgoldfield @ tmh . tmc . edu , theath @ coral - energy . com , vkamins @ enron . com ,  tknight @ houstonenergy . org , monica _ kolb @ aimfunds . com , lanejb @ wellsfargo . com ,  info @ . com , elizabethmorrell @ excite . com ,  kimmorrell @ excite . com , adrian . a . nunez @ usa . conoco . com ,  jack _ plunkett @ plunkettresearch . com , daricha @ ppco . com ,  mroberts @ coral - energy . com , jstanton @ calpine . com ,  jstephenson @ navigantconsulting . com , dstowers @ watersinfo . com ,  chtremel @ epri . com , reneeb @ swiftenergy . com , njfitzgerald @ coral - energy . com ,  cthomso @ ppco . com , mwolper @ alum . mit . edu , carol _ mccutcheon @ oxy . com ,  leesa . foster @ ipaper . com , woodybc @ bp . com , dzerba @ teldatasolutions . com  cc :  subject : simulated trading  dear friends and colleagues :  nymex is hosting a cocktail reception and a simulated open outcry trading  "" class "" :  thursday , sept . 28 , 2000  5 : 00 - 7 : 00 pm  houston center club  ( downtown - across from the 4 seasons )  this is being held in conjuction with the crude oil association . they charge  $ 25 at the door .  however , as a host i can have as many of my colleagues there for free !  but , i must know if you are coming by september 24 , 2000 c . o . b . , to give a  count to the houston center club .  i hope you can all attend . please feel free to invite someone to come with  you . the simulated trading will be held three times during the evening , and  is very interesting .  i look forward to hearing from you , and seeing you on 9 / 28 !  jana  ps - call me if you have any questions",0
101,"Subject: tell these cam sluts what to do  to be removed please click here or simply respond to this email . your address will be removed and blocked from ever being added again .  please scroll down to the bottom of this email for more details .  all these shows are live right now !  ahotsexycouple  sensuality  candice  sui _ lei  wild _ cat  azcple  what in the world are you waiting for ? click now and tell any of these women what to do for you live on camera . don ' t be shy , just signup for free and tell them what you want and you will get .  click here for the free live show !  this is our central mailing for all of our affiliate sites . if you have a question on how you got on , please email us and we will be glad to help .  the fastest way to get off our list is to click this link . if you do not have access to it , please respond to this email .  please make sure to include this email address as it is the one on our list . zzzz @ example . com",1
432,"Subject: you could need itt  how to save on your m necropsy edlcations over 70 % .  p strychnine harmshop - successfull and proven trisyllabic way to save your mone suppository y .  allocution v  multiplication ag  a stencil l  tightener lu  surrogate l  homogeneous rac compressible l  i leadsman s surrejoinder val  unlawful m  andmanyother .  bes boxcar t prlces .  worldwi leviticus de shlpplng .  easy order unmanageable form .  total confidentiaiity cystic .  250 , 000 sati alluvium sfied customers .  pelerine order today and save !",1
4934,"Subject: thanks  hi keith !  thanks so much for your additional thoughts , which i will definitely pass on  to our business units .  as for your nephew , please have him send his resume to me . i ' ll be happy to  see what i can do .  again , on behalf of enron and everyone involved in the project , especially  vince and i and ken parkhill , we had a great and informative experience with  the entire tiger project .  best regards !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001  07 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  weigelt on 04 / 06 / 2001 04 : 40 : 10 pm  to : "" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : thanks  christie ;  i wanted to send a short note to express my thanks to enron , and give some  additional thoughts about the enron presentation . both students and staff  enjoyed our interaction with enron . we hope enron got as much from the  project as we did .  i also had some additional thoughts about enrononline .  - during the presentation , the students referred to a market ' s "" critical  mass "" . however , we never defined what we meant by that . we had several  discussions on this topic . i think the best way for enron to think about  this is in terms of the psychology of traders . critical mass gives a market  liquidity . traders seem to think about liquidity in terms of breadth ( how  many products are being traded ) and depth ( the number of bids and offers ) .  our thoughts were that when a trader pulls up a screen , he ( or she ) wants to  see bids , offers , and trades occurring . so a simple ( and cheap ) metric that  enron could use to determine whether rivals are approaching critical mass is  simply to pull up screens and see if trades are occurring , and how quickly .  traders will generally not use a trading platform that lacks "" action "" .  - in terms of new power , i feel it is extremely important that your managers  create an identity for the company . luckily no rival has done this ( though  green energy is closer than most ) . the company that can communicate a  simple and powerful message will create a competitive advantage for itself .  i believe you can differentiate yourself in this market ( though you are  selling a commodity ) . since you are essentially selling service ,  differentiation is always possible .  on a final note , i wanted to ask a favor . my nephew recently graduate from  michigan state university with a degree in business . i brought him to  wharton to work on the tiger projects . this was because i knew he could add  value , and because i thought he needed more experience in some strategy  areas . he served as project coordinator and worked on several projects  ( including enron ) . i was hoping i could get him an interview at enron since  he expressed interest in your company . any help you could offer is  appreciated .  thanks again for making the experience memorable to the students .  keith",0
3295,"Subject: re : from george huan , ut austin mba  thanks a lot !  george huan  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : xiaojun huan  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 5 / 22 / 00 1 : 18 pm  subject : re : from george huan , ut austin mba  george ,  i have resent your resume to the risk management group . please ,  give them a few more days .  vince  xiaojun huan on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 08 : 07 pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : from george huan , ut austin mba  dear mr . kaminski :  how are you doing ?  i called you on may 11 th about my first rotational assignment . you  recommended risk management and asked me to email you my resume .  it seems like risk management group are not very interested in me ,  because  i  haven ' t received any feedback from them yet . do you think i should wait  for  a few days or call them ?  i do appreciate your help , which will make a difference on my career  path .  sincerely  xiaojun george huan  mba 2000 , ut austin  tel : ( 512 ) 477 - 8690  >  ( see attached file : resume - george huan . doc )  >",0
664,"Subject: free info . start your own internet consulting business ntsj  did you know 4 of the country ' s 10 richest people never graduated from college ?  they had the courage to dream , and the wisdom to  take advantage of opportunities .  do you have the courage and the wisdom to  change your life ?  you deserve success !  checking out this web site is free , and it could pay off in the form of  a dramatically improved lifestyle for you and your loved ones .  you will never know unless you check it out now !  invest just one minute to check out this website right now .  if you would like to be removed from all future mailings just  send and email to erienw 3943 @ freemail . hu",1
1227,"Subject: you will receive the best prices available on viagra online  if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic !  the covers of this book are too far apart .  real freedom lies in wildness , not in civilization .  with the gift of listening comes the gift of healing .",1
5038,"Subject: re : matthew williams  i ' m entirely ok with this . . . .  matt  sophie kingsley 11 / 10 / 2000 19 : 04  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , tani  nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , lucy page / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : matthew williams  let ' s agree the switch happens november lst and we will change sap to reflect  specialist status and matthew will be send a letter .  matt , can you just send me a note confirming you are ok with this and cc .  karen tamlyn who will make the change .  regards  sk  dale surbey  11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 21  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect , tani  nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : matthew williams  i agree - sounds like a good idea .  - dale  steven leppard  11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 05  to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d  williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : matthew williams  all  following discussions between matt , vince kaminski , and me , matt has decided  he ' d like to make a longer - term commitment to research . with this in mind  we ' d like to request that matt is switched from a & a to the specialist track .  vince and i feel this is clearly in the best interests of enron given matt ' s  proven strengths in quant analysis .  how do we proceed ?  all the best ,  steve",0
712,"Subject: [ wm ] ( no subject )  dear our guests ,  explore turkey with astartetours ! !  hotel reservations :  you will find more than 200 hotels all over turkey , which have been carefully selected .  through our reservation system we are able to book more than 1 . 000 hotels arround europe .  tours  hosted programs , sightseeing tours , escorted tours or cruise programs .  we have tours on set dates each year or we can organize special itineraries for the independant traveller or small groups ! !  rent - a - car :  travelling on your own pace in turkey ! we have a range of vehicles on offer to choose from . they may be hired in all major cities .  your car can be made available at the airport or your hotel for collection ! !  visit our web - site ! !  www . astartetours . com  kind regards  astarte tours  p . s . : if you want to unsubscribe , please sent us an e - mail .  this sf . net email is sponsored by : get the new palm tungsten t  handheld . power & color in a compact size !  webmake - talk mailing list  webmake - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net ",1
4488,"Subject: ewrm update , july 7 th .  rick  attached please find the project update .  thanks ,  ding .",0
4951,"Subject: re : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  thanks a lot , chris . yes , we only have one shared network license .  zimin  from : chris jeska / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 15 / 2001 04 : 34 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  zmin ,  i spoke with the provider of this software . am i to understand that there is  only one concurrent user server licence for this software ?  i am almost completed and would like to test this out . let me know , thanks .  chris  57004  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lu , zimin  sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 10 : 27 am  to : jeska , chris  subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  here we go again .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 02 / 06 / 2001 10 : 25 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  02 / 06 / 2001 08 : 51 am  to : chris jeska / na / enron  cc :  subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 02 / 06 / 2001 08 : 49 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  01 / 31 / 2001 11 : 20 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  zimin ,  please , take a look at it .  i think we should download the update .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001  11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" michelle mendoza "" on 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 33 : 14 pm  to :  cc :  subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0  january 26 , 2001  vince kaminski  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street  30 th floor , rm . 3036 b  houston , tx 77251 - 1188  1 713 - 853 - 3848  dear vince kaminski ,  this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download  instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are  included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to  you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new  release .  please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your  address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to  be made , please make the changes above and reply .  * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for  @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call  510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * *  * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the "" swing "" product . see the  @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the  necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing  simultaneously .  heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 :  @ energy ( forward curve )  jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions .  inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the  corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information .  35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( basics )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a  series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates  specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil ,  allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models  supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( advanced )  different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you  use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of  futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in  the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of  two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement .  @ energy ( swing )  swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle  contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the  module is now out of beta .  @ energy ( weather )  30 - 35 % speed improvement .  if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this  opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . .  regards ,  michelle mendoza  support @ fea . com  + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200  financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions :  note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using  netscape or a dos shell .  using netscape :  in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on  a local drive .  using a dos shell :  at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com  user : energy  password : 2 rbzxgv 5  type "" binary "" and hit ' return ' .  type "" ls "" for a list of available files .  type "" get "" energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt .  type "" quit "" .  the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp  site .  double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen .",0
5266,"Subject: reply from charles at williams  vince :  thank you very much for your e - mail , i look forward to  talking to you very soon .  sincerely ,  charles  - - - vkaminski @ aol . com wrote :  > charles ,  >  > thanks for your message . i have just come back from  > europe and i am going  > through my mail . i shall call you either on sunday  > or monday after i recover  > a bit .  >  >  > vince  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - 35 mm quality prints , now get 15 free !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /",0
500,"Subject: looking for good it team ? we do software engineering !  looklng for a good lt team ?  there can be many reasons for hiring a professional  lt team . . .  - lf you ' ve qot an active on - line business and you  are dissatisfied with the guaiity of your currentsupport , its cost , or  both . . .  - lf your business is expanding and you ' re ionqing  for a professionai support team . . .  - lf you have specific software requirements and  you ' d iike to have your soiutions customized , toqetherwith warranties and  reiiabie support . . .  - if you have the perfect business idea and want to  make it a reality . . .  - if your project has stalled due to lack of  additional resources . . .  - if you need an independent team for benchmarking ,  optimization , quality assurance . . .  if you ' re looking for  a truly professional team , we are at your service ! just visit our  website  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
1955,"Subject: conference on risk management : the state of the art , january  13 - 14 , 2000  we confirm receipt of your registration for the above - mentioned conference .  the conference will be held at new york university stern school of business ,  henry kaufman management center , 44 west 4 th street , new york city .  registration and continental breakfast will begin at 8 : 30 a . m . , when you will  receive the conference material and a name tag . meanwhile , if you have any  questions regarding the conference , please do not hesitate to contact me .  mary t . jaffier  nyu salomon center  stern school of business  44 west 4 th street , suite 9 - 160  new york , ny 10012  tel : 212 - 998 - 0706  fax : 212 - 995 - 4220  http : / / www . stern . nyu . edu / salomon",0
2798,"Subject: updating your profile information in the gis system  as the global vp / md mid - year prc draws closer , i want to take the opportunity  to stress to you the importance of updating your profile information in the  gis system . details on your current responsibilities , employment history ,  skills and education should have been updated by 7 july 2000 . for those of  you that have not opened your profile in gis , i urge you to do so as soon as  possible to ensure that your profiles are current and complete .  gis is accessible via the hrweb home page on the intranet . you may go to  hrweb . enron . com and look for the gis link , or just type eglobal . enron . com on  the command line of the browser .  your timely response to this request is greatly appreciated .  thank you ,",0
4658,"Subject: williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros  revenue management  since i left , i don ' t know where this project stands . however , thought you  might want to see this .  hope all is well .  regards ,  stephanie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 03 / 15 / 2000  10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  trobison @ prosrm . com on 03 / 15 / 2000 10 : 38 : 31 am  to : smiller @ enron . com  cc :  subject : williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros  revenue management  tina robison  corporate communications  pros revenue management  713 - 335 - 5397 - fax  713 - 335 - 5813 - phone  trobison @ prosrm . com  - williams . pros . pdf",0
2655,"Subject: risk desk , issue # 1  hello - - listen , wanted to make sure you received a copy of our newest  publication last week , the risk desk . because of the size of the files we  sent out , quite a few bounced back because some corp firewalls halt emails  over a certain size . anyhow , if you didn ' t receive the issue , hit the reply  button and type "" resend risk desk . "" responce so far has been great for those  of you that received the free copy - - we think you ' ll agree that it ' s soon to  become the leading "" must read "" publication on market , credit , price and  operational risk management in the energy space .  also , just a reminder , the charter price for a one year subscription ( $ 199 )  ends soon . let us know .  john sodergreen  editor - in - chief  scudder publishing group , llc  ph : 410 / 923 - 0688  fax : 410 / 923 - 0667  johns @ scudderpublishing . com  the desk , the risk desk , power executive  the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness",0
4178,"Subject: re : congratulations  thanks . congratulations to you .  ray  vince j kaminski  01 / 11 / 2000 09 : 49 am  to : raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations  ray ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince",0
1740,"Subject: organizational announcement  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by osman sezgen / hou / ees on 04 / 23 / 2001 02 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron energy services from : ees distribution 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 29 pm  sent by : kay chapman  to : all ees  cc :  subject : organizational announcement  consistent with the floor talks of a couple weeks ago , we are following up with an e - mail describing the latest changes in our risk and back - office functions that are now complete . ees ' s risk management and the vast majority of ees ' s risk controls and operations group will become a new group in enron wholesale services . this group ' s sole function will be to provide pricing , structuring , commodity risk management , logistics and back - office services for ees . both don black and wanda curry will report to the ews office of the chairman .  this change was driven by the explosive growth of ees and the resulting need to tap the systems , resources and risk expertise of the wholesale groups in order to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities . this change will allow us to more quickly capture the benefits of scale , process , and technology in risk , logistics and back - office functions from the larger enron capability . as discussed at the all employee meeting in march , these are important objectives , and this change allows us to reach those goals more quickly .  specifically , the following groups within the former ees risk management group , will become a part of this new group reporting to don black :  - the gas , power and tariff desks ,  - the options desk ,  - the site profiles and consumption desks , and  - the matrix products / secondary products desks .  the dsm group and iam , along with its execution capability , will remain in ees and report to the ees office of the chairman . we are pleased to announce that ozzie pagan has agreed to lead this function . ozzie is an established commercial dealmaker in ena . he has experience in power trading , origination and plant development . in addition , the services group , which will provide billing , information and other retail services , led by evan hughes , will remain in ees and report to the ees ooc . all support functions , within the former ees risk controls and operations group , that currently support the dsm and the services groups , will remain in ees . the remaining parts of the risk controls and operations group will become part of ews reporting to wanda curry . as part of this change , we are pleased to add evan hughes and ozzie pagan to the ees operating committee .  in addition , the structuring group , led by sean holmes , will be re - named deal management . the vision for this group remains the same as that discussed at the all employee meeting ; however , it will also facilitate and ensure productive transaction interaction between ees and ews .  we have asked , marty sunde , as part of his vice chairman role , to resource and lead a formal restructuring group to enhance or protect value in several key transactions in our portfolio primarily in california .  the newly created it function , led by anthony dayao , will continue to report into the ees ooc but will support both ees and ews it requirements .  other than these changes , the organizational structure , vision and objectives detailed out for ees at the all - employee meeting in march remain . we need to continue to understand and drive deeper into our markets , manage our client relationships , mine our portfolio , build new products and execute on our opportunities .  thanks for all your hard work . with your help we will become the worlds leading energy retailer and enron ' s leading division . if you have any questions please do not hesitate to ask",0
1136,"Subject: security alert - confirm your ebay information  ebay suspension  need help ?  dear valued ebay member ,  we regret to inform you that your ebay account has been suspended due  to concerns we have for the safety and integrity of the ebay community .  per the user agreement , section 9 , we may immediately issue a warning ,  temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership  and refuse to provide our services to you if we believe that your  actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or  us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or  authenticate any information you provide to us .  due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are  prohibited from using ebay in any way . this includes the update of your actual  account .  if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and  update your personal records you will not run into any future problems  with the online service .  please update your records by the 23 of july .  once you have updated your account records your ebay session will not be  interrupted and will  continue as normal .  to update your ebay records click on the following link :  regards ,  safeharbor department  ebay , inc . ",1
948,"Subject: now you can learn the most pleasant moments of sex !  you can decide right now to develop the same libido .  [ what is the definition of guts ? ] grace under pressure .  every man ' s life is a fairy - tale written by god ' s fingers .  et tu , brute !",1
4796,"Subject: re : livelink test for research  moyez lallani has agreed to give a presentation on livelink , the application  which will replace the research projects tracking database at next thursday ' s  group meeting . let me know if there is any problem with this .  thanks ,  stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2001  07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : moyez lallani / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 02 / 2001 07 : 32 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : livelink test for research  room 30 cl on thursday 3 / 8 / 2001 at 11 : 30 . i have it recorded in my calendar .  i  , ll bring a laptop . please let me know if there is a change of plans .  thanks .  moyez lallani  enron networks  713 - 345 - 3683  moyez . lallani @ enron . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gibner , stinson  sent : friday , march 02 , 2001 7 : 07 am  to : lallani , moyez  cc : shanbhogue , vasant  subject : re : livelink test for research  moyez ,  thanks , i will try and collect the information today . vasant and i were  thinking that it would make sense to let people try the application under the  test environment for a few weeks . then we can incorporate any additional  suggestions and move to production around the first week in april .  our meeting room does have a screen and network connection , and we can  profide an lcd projector as well . how about thursday of next week ?  thanks ,  stinson  from : moyez lallani / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 01 / 2001 04 : 35 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : liveline test for research  stinson ,  sorry to have to do this to you but i need some additional information in  order to add these users to the research projects group . please use the  attached template to capture the information needed and forward to me at your  convenience . also , the group has only been set up in the test environment .  do you want to add the users to the test environment or are you ready to  migrate to production ?  as far as the demo is concerned , i  , ll be happy to accommodate your group .  how many people do you expect at the demo and does the room have a display  screen and network connection ? let me know which thursday you would like me  to conduct the demo and i  , ll be there .  >  moyez lallani  enron networks  713 - 345 - 3683  moyez . lallani @ enron . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gibner , stinson  sent : thursday , march 01 , 2001 4 : 24 pm  to : lallani , moyez  subject : liveline test for research  moyez ,  can you add access to the following users for the livelink research projects  database ? also , would you be available to give a short demonstration and  tutorial on how to use livelink for our group ? we hold a lunch meeting  each thursday from 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 in 30 cl at which there is usually a short  presentation on a topic of interest . i think it would be very useful for the  group to have an overview of how to use the tool before everyone jumps into  it . the presentation can be quite informal . let me know if you would be  available in the next couple of weeks .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001  04 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  s @ _ -  g _ , x ?  ~ o ? ' ] s ? _ _ _ _ s ?   _ ? * ? ? ? j ? ?  _ "" ? zn _ ? ? _ y _ 7 d ? [ t ? ? _ yn ? [ . _ _ _ "" ? * ? ? _ b ? ; _ _ _ y _ ?  _  , ? _ ?",0
5370,"Subject: re : copier on 32 nd floor  kevin ,  please let me know when your move date has been "" firmed up "" . can you let me  know the location that you want to install the new copier at { i will need to  check for the necessary power outlet } ? listed below are some of the latest  generation "" heavy duty "" copiers that enron has been installing as replacement  for older equipment such as the xerox 5388 etc . feel free to try them out for  the specific task that you have on a daily basis and let me know what you  think { we can discuss relevant speeds & associated $ costs after you have  tested these copiers } :  fyi : there are 2 other models from lanier : the 5355 and the 5365 . both of  these are the "" toshiba 70 series "" digital copier rebranded as "" lanier "" . if  the one of the toshiba 70 series listed above meets your criteria , the 5300  series from lanier is a better cost option between the two different brands .  if possible , would you be available to meet next week to discuss further ? i  would like to invite a member of the ena finance group to go over cost  allocations for the new copier , regardless of which copier selected .  thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  kevin g moore  03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 22 am  to : iain russell / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , liz m taylor / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : copier on 32 nd floor  hello iain ,  well time is drawing near for another move  for us .  the problem is we do not have a heavy duty  copier for the floor .  we do need a copier .  please inform me as how we can work through  this , maybe we can split the cost with others on the floor .  the move is schedule sometime at the end of the month .  i will keep you informed . . . . . . . .  thanks  kevin moore",0
358,"Subject: http : / / www . surfbuddies . net  hello ,  i have visited www . surfbuddies . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me : ",1
4051,"Subject: alliance info alert  dear generation / power marketing executive :  the following is this week ' s alliance express newsletter , and a special  announcement regarding a proposed action by the financial accounting  standards board ( fasb ) .  fasb 133  fasb is considering an exception to statement of financial accounting  standards ( sfas ) no . 133 that will exempt energy companies from the  requirement to account for capacity contracts as derivatives . a vote against  the exception would result in a significant increase in earnings volatility ,  and raises other important concerns for energy suppliers . ( attached is a  summary of this issue . ) the board is expected to vote on this issue during  may 2001 . eei will be taking steps to appraise fasb of our concerns . if  you , or company cfo would like more information about this effort , please  contact richard mcmahon , executive director of the alliance of energy  suppliers , at rmcmahon @ eei . org , or at 202 - 508 - 5571 .  alliance of energy suppliers express   april 25 ,  2001  inside washington  federal affairs  * * * bill repealing puhca is approved by senate committee * * *  the senate banking committee today approved s 206 , a bill that repeals the  public utility holding company act of 1935 . the bill would repeal puhca and  transfer oversight of public utility holding companies from the securities  and exchange commission to the federal energy regulatory commission and  appropriate state agencies .  s . 206 was approved with two amendments . offered by sen . mike enzi ( r - wy ) ,  the first amendment would establish the electric energy market competition  task force to study competition in the wholesale and retail market for  electric energy in the united states . the task force would be made up of  representatives of ferc , the department of justice and the federal trade  commission , as well as non - voting representatives from the department of  agriculture and the securities and exchange commission . the amendment also  contained a provision , co - sponsored by sen . paul sarbanes ( d - md ) , that would  preserve ferc ' s authority to require that energy rates are reasonable and do  not include the pass - through of holding company costs that are unrelated to  energy .  another amendment , offered by sen . jon corzine ( d - nj ) , initiated a study by  the general accounting office of the success of federal and state governments  in preventing anticompetitive practices by public utility holding companies  and in promoting competition and efficient energy markets .  * * * institute   s tax agreement with public power again introduced on hill * * *  the tax agreement eei reached with the american public power association  ( appa ) and the large public power council ( lppc ) again has been introduced in  the house . the bill ( hr 1459 ) contains the same provisions as were in a  measure ( hr 4971 ) , with technical corrections , introduced during the 106 th  congress . hr 1459 was introduced by rep . j . d . hayworth ( r - az ) and nine  original co - sponsors from the ways and means committee .  hr 1459 contains four key provisions with tax code changes : 1 ) the tax - free  sale or spin - off of transmission assets into an rto is allowed , 2 ) nuclear  decommissioning laws are adapted to a competitive market by allowing  deductions to a trust fund no longer subject to cost - of service ratemaking ,  3 ) the contributions in aid of construction ( ciac ) tax on interconnections to  transmission and distribution facilities is eliminated , and 4 ) private use  tax rules are changed to permit open access to transmission and distribution  facilities .  the measure was referred to the house ways and means committee , and eei has  urged congress to act without delay in moving it forward . enactment will  help encourage a vigorous but fair competitive environment , the institute  noted . the same legislation has been incorporated into s 389 , senate energy  committee chairman frank murkowski ' s ( r - ak ) energy security bill , and  stand - alone legislation could also be introduced . hearings are expected to  be held in both the senate finance and house ways and means committees ,  probably after consideration of president bush ' s individual tax proposal .  administration / ferc  * * * white house seeks $ 2 trillion budget in fiscal year 2002 * * *  president bush last week transmitted a $ 2 trillion fiscal year 2002 budget  request to capitol hill . the administration noted that its proposal  * moderates recent explosive growth in discretionary spending to four percent  in 2002 , * an increase of $ 26 billion over the preceding fiscal year . the  budget bid contains a $ 231 billion total surplus in 2002 , and projects a $ 5 . 6  trillion surplus over the next ten years .  in the energy area , the administration noted the federal government   s  * longstanding and evolving role * in the sector , pointing out that most  federal energy programs and agencies have no state or private counterparts .  it proposed about $ 2 . 8 billion in discretionary spending for energy programs ,  and about $ 2 . 1 billion in tax benefits , * mainly to encourage development of  traditional and alternative energy sources . * doe   s budget request was $ 19 . 2  billion , including $ 2 . 3 billion for energy resources programs . this later  figure represents a decrease of $ 196 million , or 7 . 9 percent , from fiscal  year 2001 .  in the environmental sector , the administration sought some $ 7 . 3 billion in  discretionary funding for epa , including a $ 3 . 7 billion operating program  focused on implementation of most federal pollution control laws .  * * * success of restructuring tied to energy strategy , ferc   s massey asserts * * *  electric restructuring may be in jeopardy , and its success * is in the hands  of regulators and policymakers , * ferc commissioner william massey has  asserted . speaking at a recent national governors association policy forum  in philadelphia , commissioner massey urged officials to pay attention to the  key elements of a national energy strategy .  first , he specified , there is a need for an adequate supply of the energy  commodity . turning to a second element , commissioner massey told forum  attendees that * all the supply in the world won   t help unless it can be  delivered over an adequate , efficient , non - discriminatory network . *  commissioner massey identified market structure as the third essential  element of a national energy strategy , while citing an inherent difficulty :  that * good structure cannot be easily parsed between wholesale and retail  jurisdictions . * accordingly , he said , ferc and the states must work together  on market structure .  the final element of a successful energy strategy , the commissioner  specified , is the need for aggressive ferc intervention when markets fail to  do their job . * if the states cannot depend on the wholesale market regulator  to ensure reasonable prices for consumers , * he cautioned , they * will surely  think twice before heading down the restructuring path . *  new generation  * * * dynegy to build second plant in kentucky * * *  dynegy has announced plans to construct a new 330 megawatt plant adjacent to  the riverside generating project in lawrence county , kentucky . dynegy will  sell the power generated at the plant in the wholesale market . commercial  operation is expected to begin first quarter of 2002 .  * * * ppl to expand generation capacity * * *  ppl corporation this week said it would build a 540 megawatt power plant near  chicago and would increase the capacity of its susquehanna nuclear plant by  100 megawatts . ceo william hecht said the illinois plant is expected to be  in service by the summer of 2002 .  * * * constellation energy group announces eight new plants * * *  constellation energy group this week announced that the company is scheduled  to bring four peaking power plants on line this summer . additionally , four  larger power plants are scheduled to enter service in the following two  summers . the four peaking plants are located in illinois , pennsylvania ,  virginia and west virginia . the larger power plants are under construction  in california , florida , illinois , and texas .  * we   re building in these seven states because they serve regions where  wholesale electricity is needed and where we can provide energy to support  our national power marketing business , * said constellation energy group  chairman and ceo christian poindexter .  * * * california energy commission approves construction of otay mesa generating  plant * * *  pg & e corporation   s national energy group ( neg ) last week announced that the  california energy commission ( cec ) has approved construction of the otay mesa  generating plant in san diego county , which the neg has developed . the 500  megawatt project will produce enough electricity to power about 1 , 000 homes .  after the development process is completed , calpine corporation will assume  ownership of the project and will construct and operate the plant . neg will  contract for up to half the plants output .  energy data  * * * weekly electric output ( week 15 ) * * *  electric output reached 63 , 528 gwh for the week ending april 14 ( week 15 ) ,  with the highest increase over 2000 levels in the south central states , which  both had a 12 . 6 percent increase over 2000 for week 15 . year - to - date , the  rocky mountain region experienced the greatest increase in output ( 7 . 6  percent ) over 2000 . for more information , email alliance @ eei . org .  the alliance express is a free news service sponsored by the alliance of  energy suppliers . this document can be redistributed . please send  questions , comments , or requests to alliance @ eei . org , or telephone  202 / 508 - 5680 .  nancy tarr  manager , business development  eei alliance of energy suppliers  701 pennsylvania ave . , n . w .  washington , d . c . 20004  telephone : 202 - 508 - 5680  fax : 202 - 508 - 5600  www . eei . org / alliance  ntarr @ eei . org  - text . htm  - fasb - the impact on energy companies of treatment of capacity c",0
3632,"Subject: re : monday presentation  i have made one correction to guadalupe ' s degree - - - it is actually ma , law  and diplomacy rather than ms , finance .  here is the corrected version .",0
3835,"Subject: re : resume  vasant ,  i agree .  vince  from : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 00 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume  vince ,  he seems to have mostly equity and fixed income background ( and then some  credit exposure calculation ) with not much credit data analysis experience .  i do not think he would be appropriate for bryan ' s group - - he needs a person  who tracks market developments and understands fundamental data , and although  this guy may be good at modeling , we already have iris and amitava doing the  modeling and looking at data . at this stage , i would prefer to hire somebody  with direct experience in credit analysis ( banking , rating agency ) . i am  worried that if we get another person without data analysis experience , then  amitava will find himself with two people ( iris being the other one ) who are  both inexperienced in this area , and he will find himself doing a lot of the  work anyway .  if you want to pursue him , we should probably do a phone interview first .  vasant  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 5 : 33 pm  to : shanbhogue , vasant  subject : re : resume  vasant ,  what do you think ? he may be expensive .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001  05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall brown on 04 / 25 / 2001 01 : 13 : 44 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : resume  vince ,  i apologize , i sent you the wrong resume ! here is the correct one .  >  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 1 : 08 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > subject : re : resume  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > he looks ok but below the level of quant skills i typically look for  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 33 : 00  > am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc :  > subject : resume  >  >  > vince ,  > i know this candidate is actively interviewing at el paso and i think  > reliant . he has excellent quantitative background , but no real energy  > experience . if you are interested in speaking with him let me know .  > regards ,  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  > fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  > marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > www . robertwalters . com  >  >  > >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > ( see attached file : litt _ har . doc )  >  > >  - litt _ tho . doc >",0
5141,"Subject: virus update : please read  there are many different variations of the "" iloveyou "" computer virus still  being reported . the it infrastructure team is continually updating our virus  software as new versions become available , but it is extremely important that  you do not open any attachments that you do not regularly receive from  business associates . even business associates you are very familiar with  could be sending you the virus without knowing it , so unless you are  expecting an email from them with an specified attachment please do not open  it . if you are unsure whether to open an attachment please do not open it .  call your helpdesk to ask any questions and to get verification if required .  we may need you to log out and log back in during the day as new anti virus  updates become available . we appreciate your cooperation while we all work  to keep enron ' s computing environment secure .  please note the following enron policies regarding viruses :  email  malicious code ( virus ) screening  in addition to the enron requirement for email attachments ( received and  sent ) to be screened for malicious code ( viruses , trojan horses , etc . ) , users  of enron information resources are required to detach email attachments that  are received on to their hard drive for local virus screening purposes .  all executables ( * . bat , * exe , * . com , * . vbs ) files should never be launched  from email without first consulting with it .  virus alerts  the internet is constantly being flooded with information about computer  viruses and trojan horses . however , within among real virus notices are  computer virus hoaxes . while these hoaxes do not infect systems , they are  still time consuming and costly to handle . it only wastes bandwidth and  unnecessarily alarms other computer users .  please , do not perpetuate unconfirmed warnings about viruses and trojan  horses . if you receive an invalidated warning , don ' t pass it to all your  friends , pass it to your it computer security manager to validate first .  enron  information risk management  713 - 853 - 5536",0
3573,"Subject: telephone interview with the enron research group  good morning richard :  your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski and the research group  and they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your  convenience .  please give me some dates and times that you would be available and  i will coordinate the schedule . also , the telephone number you wish to be  contacted at .  the telephone interview will be last approximately an hour and the  interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director , research  stinson gibner vice president , research  vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  thanks richard and we look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0
3249,"Subject: hello from enron  dear dr . mcmullen ,  a few weeks ago i received a call from your university  regarding employment opportunities at enron .  i called back and summarized the needs of my group ( an ideal profile of a  candidate ) :  1 . mathematical finance  2 . computer programming ( c , c + + )  3 . understanding of the energy markets  i shall appreciate any information about potential candidates .  i have also given some other suggestions regarding potential  opportunities for graduates with different profiles .  please , feel free to call me . my number is 713 853 3848 .  vince kaminski",0
961,"Subject: moore medz  hello , welcome to medzonline sho apiculture p  we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online pharmaceuticai shop gamble s .  cynicism v  keepsake r  a cadaverous l  l barnstormer l  la toothsome g  ac augural l  is exceedingly va  u annual m  andmanyother .  - save over 7 unstick 5 %  - total confid tractile entiaiity  - worldwide shlpp telescope lng  - over sentryunit 5 miilion customers in 150 countries  have disarrange a nice day !",1
5599,"Subject: re : thanks  thanks for the update , vince . i have been trying to discuss this with you  for several days , but i know that you have been very busy . jaesoo told me  that he wanted a base of $ 90 k rather than the $ 85 k which you had authorized  me to offer him , and i told him that i would have to discuss it with you and  get back to him . i am glad that he has seen his way a little more clearly ,  and i will call him tomorrow to finalize the offer .  vince j kaminski  11 / 07 / 2000 05 : 29 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : thanks  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000  05 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jlew @ kent . edu > on 11 / 07 / 2000 07 : 19 : 20 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : jlew @ kent . edu  subject : thanks  dear dr . kaminski  first of all , i would like to thank you for the offer from the enron .  i really appreciate it .  molly and i talked about the salary the other day , but to be honest with you ,  i ' m pleased with the possibility that i can work there where i want to work  and the salary is the next .  if this matter bothers you , please ignore it . i can accept the original offer .  i ' m looking forward to seeing you soon .  sincerely ,  jaesoo",0
807,"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  all listed software is avaiiable for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage !  best regards ,  eilis ",1
1086,"Subject: judicial judgements child support  very substantial profit processing money judgments .  from a cruise ship .  be on top .  control when you want to take time off .  current associates earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per / mo .  impressive training and support .  detailed information or to un - subscribe or to see our address .  testimonial from dave f . , in nebraska ; first of all , i want to tell you  that i am going to be my own first customer . i won a judgment against a man ,  but he closed his shop , took my property and disappeared . thanks to the  information you gave me , i found him three days after receiving your  training manual . i will use the knowledge gained from you to collect what he  owes me . thank you again . as far as i ' m concerned , your training course has  more than paid for itself already .  silently he stole to the foot of the attic stairs and then paused to  listen . the house seemed very quiet , but he could hear his mother ' s voice  softly humming a cradle - song that she had sung to him when he was a baby  he had been nervous and unsettled and a little fearful until then , but  perhaps the sound of his mother ' s voice gave him courage , for he boldly  ascended the stairs and entered the workshop , closing and locking the door  behind him",1
4680,"Subject: re : invitation . . . welcome new analyst reception  ashley ,  thnaks . i shall attend the reception . i shall ask shirley to set up a meeting  with you to discuss  spring events on campus .  vince  ashley baxter @ enron on 01 / 04 / 2001 04 : 01 : 01 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : invitation . . . welcome new analyst reception  hello vince  i wanted to forward the following invitation to you . we are putting the  technologists through an orientation which includes a few days with the  analyst program - and the following is one of the events that they have  scheduled on jan . 16 th . i wanted to forward to you as more of an fyi since  we do not have any cal berkeley candidates starting on jan . 8 th . also - we  are starting to set some of the events on campus for the spring - so we  should probably get together soon . please let me know what works best for  you !  thanks ,  ashley",0
3340,"Subject: constellation delta positions  jim ,  i can provide some explaination about the spread option function in the  exotica library .  my phone number is 713 - 853 - 6388 . let us set up a time .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001 10 : 22 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 06 / 2001 09 : 56 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : constellation delta positions  zimin , stinson  i think i forwarded the message to you .  did we act on it ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001  09 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jim meyn @ enron  02 / 27 / 2001 03 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : robert stalford / na / enron @ enron , mason hamlin / hou / ect @ ect  subject : constellation delta positions  vince ,  rob and i would like to coordinate a meeting with one of your research people  to review the spread option calculation from the exotica options library .  we ' re pricing a spread option deal in nyc and have some questions related to  the formula , greeks , etc . please let me know who might be available to sit  with us for about 1 / 2 hour . thanks  - jim  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jim meyn / na / enron on 02 / 27 / 2001 03 : 49 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : mason hamlin @ ect 02 / 27 / 2001 01 : 48 pm  to : tom may / corp / enron @ enron , robert stalford / na / enron @ enron  cc : jim meyn / na / enron @ enron , gautam gupta / hou / ect @ ect  subject : constellation delta positions  attached are the delta positions for the nyc constellation deal . if you have  any questions or would like to review the model , please call me .  thanks ,  mason",0
4669,"Subject: informal interview with the enron research group  dr . neale :  your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski and the research group  with enron corp .  they would like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience .  on one of the following days :  wednesday , sept 27  friday , sept 29  monday , oct 2  tuesday , oct 3  thursday , oct 12  friday , oct 13  please let me know what day and the time frame you are available .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director and head of research  stinson gibner vice president . research  grant masson vice president , research  vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  zimin lu director , research  paulo issler manager , research  we look forward to hearing from you .  sincerest regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research department",0
2026,"Subject: re : presentation  david ,  i am leaving for vacation this weekend and i haven ' t received the copy of  your presentation yet .  the window during which i could make changes to my presentation is closing  very fast . let ' s  do the following : i shall keep my presentation as is ( this means that i shall  use the copy of my  presentation i sent to dawn scovill and you this week ) . if there is an  overlap between our presentations , so be it .  dawn , please use the copy of my presentation i sent you earlier this week .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  04 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 16 / 2000 08 : 02 am  to : "" dawn scovill "" @ enron  cc : sobotkad @ kochind . com , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : presentation  dawn ,  i met david sobotka from koch this morning and we talked about coordinating  our presentations .  this means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps . sorry for that .  the portions of my presentation  will survive ( those about valuation paradigms ) and i shall add a few more  pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives  plus more specific examples . david will cover primarily market evolution +  plus examples of some  standard structures , and we shall both give more interesting examples of  specific deals executed by our companies .  i shall send you an updated version of my part next week . let me know what  the deadline is .  vince  "" dawn scovill "" on 03 / 14 / 2000 07 : 53 : 47 am  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc :  subject : re : presentation  thanks - - would you like me to include these in the conference book ? or do  you anticipate changes ?  dawn  from : dawn scovill , conference coordinator  "" powerful new ideas 2000 ""  dawn @ perfectmeeting . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince j kaminski  to :  cc : shirley crenshaw ; vince j kaminski  ; vince j kaminski  sent : monday , march 13 , 2000 1 : 56 pm  subject : presentation  >  >  > dawn ,  >  > i am sending you an electronic version of my presentation .  >  > vince kaminski  >  > ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt )  >",0
1342,"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right  now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai logo variants in three  business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of  changes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needsand fit your  business . fiexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
1394,"Subject: re : creditdotcom projects  amitava ,  can you schedule a brainstorming session with vasant , tanya , rakesh , myself  and ben ( if possible ) ?  what about the trip on monday . has it been scheduled ?  vince  amitava dhar @ enron  01 / 03 / 2001 08 : 30 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : creditdotcom projects  the following is a good summary from vasant about the projects and what is  ahead of us .  ben , please let me know when things are ready ; i can plan my trip accordingly .  thanks ,  amitava  enroncredit . com is working on 3 main models - - - the fmc model , the placement  model , and the movement model .  fmc model : provides credit default swap price curves for 16 ratings with 33  industry offsets . each day , this model takes the previous day ' s trader  curves and adjusts them for the movement in bloomberg yields and observed  swap prices .  placement model : uses linear regression to credit default swap prices using  dummified ranges for market capitalization , liquidity , kmv score , etc . one  main issue here is that the dataset is biased towards investment grade  names . alternate approaches looked at developing separate models for  separate sunsets of names .  movement model : provides an alert system for news . this is under  development .  current involvement of houston research group members is in the  development / modifications of the placement model , especially in thinking  through the various single vs multi model approaches . we can help in the  brainstorming for better models for subsets . one main project right now is  to get a separate model for subsidiaries , and to exclude subsidiary names  from the main regression .  value - at - risk is based on historical variance - covariance approach .  the portfolio model is under development .  agenda for houston research group members :  once sufficient data is collected , start reviewing for potential analytic  relationships .  get weekly updates from london , and provide feedback .  plan on a trip if the work warrants it , once the agenda is fairly well drawn  out , and data is available for analysis .",0
4924,"Subject: presentation slides  good morning vince :  this is a reminder for you to send me the slides of yesterday ' s  presentation at your earliest convenience .  as far as lunch is concerned , right now i am totally free for next week .  spyros",0
2222,"Subject: visit by enron , 19 october 2000  a team of key executives from enron will be on campus on the 19 th of october  for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about  the school and how the firm can gain a greater presence here . included in  this group will be :  vince kaminski , director of research  christie patrick , vp , university relations  mike rosen , director , university affairs group  i have developed a proposed agenda for the visit . please review and confirm  that you are available to meet with one or more of the enron team at the  times specified . if so , please provide me a prefered meeting location . if  not , please alternate times and locations .  8 : 00 - 9 : 00 breakfast with donna piazze and keith weigelt to discuss "" tiger  team fap project "" the ivy grill , inn at penn  9 : 00 - 10 : 30 meeting with raffi amit , ian macmillan , emily cieri and anne  stamer to discuss the sol c . snider entreprenuer center and its related  programs , the business plan competition and webi . . . 4 th floor conference room ,  vance hall ? ? ?  10 : 30 - 12 : 00 christie and mike hold discussions with cara tyler , bob bonner  and pat rose regarding recruiting processes and procedures . . . cms conference  room  10 : 30 - ? ? ? broadband executive meets with gerry mccartney and other  university officials to discuss campus needs , future usage projections , etc .  10 : 30 - 11 : 30 vince meets with sid winter reference jones center and related  research  11 : 30 - 12 : 00 vince meets with howard kunruether to discuss risk management  12 : 00 - 1 : 15 pm group lunch with jerry wind at faculty club to discuss the  e - fellows program  2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm christie and mike meet with mike baltes to discuss co - branding  issues with wharton and upenn  5 : 00 pm all will attend the et conference dinner event  please confirm your willingness and availability to support this agenda .  thanks for your help .  tom",0
5355,"Subject: re : statistica & lunch  rick ,  we are using sas .  i am glad you can speak at our lunch meeting  on feb 15 .  vince  richard b jones @ ees  02 / 05 / 2001 11 : 26 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : statistica & lunch  vince ,  do we have a site license for statistica ? what stat software do you use ?  i am prepared to talk at your lunch . i think we said thurs feb 15 th 11 : 30 -  1 : 00 . i would liie to have a computer display if possible . i ' ll bring my pc .  what ' s the room # again ?  rick jones",0
207,"Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your  company will automatically become a worid leader : it isquite ciear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
3491,"Subject: dram trading authority  here is the latest trading request :  specifically it requires the following to get it over the line :  vince , your concurrence with a simplistic var calculation the start - up  period  everybody else , your signatures , or agreement to sign via email  in addition , here is the commercial presentation which wil be attached to the  request on its way to eb 5007  many thanks  dp",0
3758,"Subject: cinergy monthly prices 1998 to date  margaret ,  please find attached file with cinergy prices ( last day of the month )  starting 1998 to date . i have also included daily price for the same period  just in case you might need it . the source of the data is megawatt daily  price survey . note that prices are given as common low and common high which  means that data was gathered through representative sample survey .  please let me know if you need any additional data .  regards ,  elena  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 27 / 2001 05 : 41 pm  to : elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron  cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , margaret  carson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : cinergy monthly prices 1998 to date  elena ,  can you , please , help wiht this request ?  kevin ,  please , call me if elena is not in the office on wednesday .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 27 / 2001  05 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret carson @ enron  02 / 27 / 2001 09 : 15 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kathryn corbally / corp / enron @ enron  subject : cinergy monthly prices 1998 to date  from your historical databases can you kindly have someone send me and  kathleen corbally the 12 month ( either last day of month or monthly  average , whichever you have available ) cinergy prices for 1998 to  date . . . for an investor relations slide we are working on ? ? thanks a  lot . . . margaret",0
2004,"Subject: re : lunch  przepraszam , ze tak dlugo nie odpowiadalem . nasz team mial zaplanowany  wspolny wieczor w piatek , ale nic nie bylo pewne , poniewaz mamy duzo osob sie  rozchorowalo . z tegoz powodu wieczor zostal odwolany , a ja jestem wolny .  jesli nadal nie ma pan planow na piatkowy wieczor , to ja jestem jak  najbardziej za spotkaniem .  j  vince j kaminski  12 / 19 / 2000 10 : 05 am  to : julius zajda / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : lunch  juliusz ,  sorry , i have to cancel the lunch meeting today .  pleas , give a call sometimes today . maybe we can meet for drinks friday  afternoon .  i am taking the next week off .  vince  julius zajda  12 / 19 / 2000 09 : 25 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lunch  dzien dobry ,  mam nadzieje , ze nic sie nie zmienilo i jestesmy umowieni na dziesiejszy  lunch . proponuje sie spotkac o godzinie 12 . 00 na parterze obok biurka  "" security ladies "" ( bo wiem gdzie to jest ) . ubrany jestem w czarne spodnie ,  bezowe buty i szara bluze . nie jestem pewien czy bede mogl przeczytac  potwierdzenie , bo od 10 do 11 . 45 przeprowadzam szkolenie .  juliusz",0
3033,"Subject: re : greetings from garp  frank ,  looks good .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : frank hayden @ enron 12 / 12 / 2000 11 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : greetings from garp  vince , this is the announcement i ' m thinking about sending out . is there  anything else you would like to add ?  frank  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron .  time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm  vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy  markets .  please rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is rita . hennessy @ enron . com",0
3899,"Subject: re : summer internship  cantekin ,  the summer associate program has closed but i shall check to see  if i can get one extra place .  vince  "" cantekin dincerler "" on 03 / 28 / 2000 11 : 48 : 53 am  please respond to cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : summer internship  hi vince ,  i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential of renewing my  internship at enron for the summer of 2000 .  while the date of my request is later than i would have wished , the reason  is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this summer and get  my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can put it off to  a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there is a project  that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the  case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty and spend the  summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr . ronn , and he is  very supportive of this idea .  i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to  hearing from you .  best regards ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -",0
1130,"Subject: any med for your girl to be happy !  your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men !  click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse !  the store is verlfied by bbb and approved by vlsa ! ",1
5336,"Subject: out of the office  i will be out of the office september 18 - 19 , 2000 and will return wednesday  september 20 , 2000 . if you should need anything in the mean time please call  sheila walton at x 30649 or the hr assistant ramona perkins at x 58165 .",0
2936,"Subject: interview with hao peng  hello kathy :  the research group would like to bring hao peng in for an interview . his  resume is attached .  the following would be included in the interview schedule . since all of  them are in the research group ( with the exception of hr ) we can have the  interviews in ebl 938 .  vince kaminski  stinson gibner  zimin lu  paulo issler  grant masson  krishna krishnarao  vasant shanbhogue  hr ?  mr . peng ' s availability is flexible with the exception of may 2 and may 4 ( he  has finals ) .  if you need anything else , please let me know .  thanks !  shirley  - cover - enron . doc  - resume - gsia . doc",0
3032,"Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  ehud ,  i shall send a message to jeff ' s secretary today .  vince  "" ehud i . ronn "" on 09 / 20 / 2000 11 : 12 : 46 am  to : rcausey @ enron . com , vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling  rick / vince ,  good morning .  in my 9 / 14 e - mail , i advised you of the practitioner - industry cefer ( center  for energy finance education and research ) conference we are planning for  spring 2001 . as you know , we would like to invite jeff skilling to be the  keynote speaker at the thur . evening dinner . the following day ' s four  topics consist of risk management , deregulation , real options , and  international / globalization . the majority of invitees would be  ( predominantly u . s . - based ) energy - industry practitioners , as well as  several academics .  given lead time issues in these matters , we have reserved hotel rooms in  austin for feb . 22 , 2001 . could i ask you to ascertain jeff skilling ' s  availability for that evening ?  thanks ,  ehud ronn  ehud i . ronn  professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies  director , center for energy finance education and research  mccombs school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ",0
1272,"Subject: important : verify your account  security measures - are you traveling ?  paypal is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community  of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal  employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our  anti - fraud teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual  activity .  we recently noted one or more attempts to log in to your account from a  foreign country . if you accessed your account while traveling , the  attempt ( s ) may have been initiated by you .  because the behavior was unusual for your account , we would like to take  an extra step to ensure your security and you will now be taken through  a series of identity verification pages .  ip address  time  country  193 . 230 . 222 . 158  apr . 28 , 2005 12 : 47 : 01 pdt  romania  193 . 230 . 222 . 150  may 7 , 2005 18 : 37 : 55 pdt  romania  193 . 230 . 222 . 150  may 8 , 2005 16 : 42 : 16 pdt  romania  193 . 230 . 222 . 150  may 8 , 2005 16 : 58 : 03 pdt  romania  click here to verify your account  thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand  that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your  account .  we apologize for any inconvenience .  if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to  temporaly suspend your account .  thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team  please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent  to this address cannot be answered . for assistance ,  log in to your paypal account and choose the help link in the  footer of any page .  to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update  your preferences  here .  paypal email id pp 697 ",1
800,"Subject: need an outstanding logo now ?  working on your company ' s image ? start with a  visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to  help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe  of your company by creatinq an outstandinq loqo , presentable stationery  items and professionai website . these marketing toois will significantly  contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deal packages and  see what we have to offer . we work for you !  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
732,Subject: re [ 4 ] :  terra investigate blackouts i wonder what if . . . paint shopthere ' s also another one tupac sharuk,1
4972,"Subject: tage resume submittal  vince ,  two candidates for your review . please call me .  ?  paul johnson , cpc  president  ( 281 ) 497 - 8595  ?  please visit our website  ? www . austingrp . com  - wood , shelly . doc  - jpbresume 2 . doc",0
5578,"Subject: vince kaminski ' s "" bio "" and requirements for the siam invitation  hello professor fitzgibbon :  attached please find a "" bio "" for vince kaminski . he will require an lcd  projector for his presentation .  if you need anything else , please let me know .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2001  03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 11 / 2001 02 : 17 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : siam invitation  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001  02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" william fitzgibbon "" on 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 45 : 57 pm  to :  cc :  subject : siam invitation  dear dr . kaminski  here is an email invitation for teh siam event . a hard copy will follow  dr . v . kaminski  enron  p . o . box 1188  houston , texas 77251 - 1188  dear dr . kaminski  march 12 , 2001  i am writing to formalize your invitation to attend , participate , and speak  in the siam southwest regional mathematics in industry workshop . a time  span of thirty minutes is being allotted to invited talks with an additional  ten minutes or so for discussion . the workshop , funded under the auspices  of a national science foundation grant to siam will not be a standard  applied mathematics event with representatives from industry , academe , and  governmental agencies presenting their latest research results . instead the  meeting will emphasize the mathematics and technology currently applied to  the projects of industry and governmental laboratories . additionally the  event will focus upon the mechanisms facilitating interaction and  collaboration between the academy , industry , and government laboratories .  the workshop will be held at the university of houston hilton hotel , april  27 - 28 . funds will be available to support both travel expenses and the cost  of food and lodging of invited speakers . we will be happy to make travel  arrangements on this end if so desired .  we hope that you can accept our invitation . if this is the case please  furnish us with a title , a short abstract , and a list of the necessary  equipment for your presentation .  we look forward to seeing you at the university of houston .  sincerely  w . fitzgibbon",0
4979,"Subject: the latest ( last ? )  . . as columbo would say . . "" . . just one more thing ""  p . 20 last bullet : enron focusing on recruiting and retaining talent  thanks again ! christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 05 : 24 pm - - - - -  christie patrick  02 / 07 / 2001 05 : 23 pm  to : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , j _ martin @ baylor . edu  subject : the latest ( last ? )  mark !  please review the attached article and forward your comments / authorization  for its use to john martin at baylor , copying me and vince .  john and vince ,  i have a few simple comments :  1 . please use "" enron corp . "" [ rather than "" enron corporation "" ]  2 . page 3 : as of yesterday , fortune magazine named enron "" most innovative ""  for the sixth year in a row  3 . page 5 : 2 nd paragraph : regarding the "" gas bank "" concept - - i believe when  jeff first introduced it , it fell flat . i think john pick ' s that up ( and  enron ' s subsequent recovery of a version of the concept on p . 6 ) , but it ' s  probably accurate to mention that at first , it didn ' t go over .  4 . page 13 : re : cindy olson ' s comment on a possible 5 x difference between  a "" satisfactory "" and "" superior "" vp - - the difference referred to is probably  the "" bonus "" rather than "" compensation "" ( which , to me , is generally means  base salary ) ; also , it varies for each review period , as comparative  performance might vary ; further , we might want to run that quote by cindy  just to make sure she ' s ok with it ' s publication ( she might have no problem  with it whatsoever , but i know for other articles , she ' s been more reluctant  to provide that kind of statistic ) .  5 . page 17 ( after annual report quote ) : i suggest changing "" enron ' s  wholesale business . . . provides "" to "" . . . businesses . . provide "" ; also , rather  than "" enron wholesale "" we might want to define this by the term enron uses :  "" enron wholesale services ""  6 . page 18 : 2 nd paragraph : the tense switching from past to present is  technically correct if read carefully , but seems awkward when reading it  7 . page 19 : effective february , jeff skilling is "" ceo "" .  . . . that ' s my 2 - cents worth ! ! i think the article is great . . . even  interesting ( ha ! ) . . . even to non - mba ' s like me ! !  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 04 : 41 pm - - - - -  vince j kaminski  02 / 02 / 2001 08 : 45 am  to : mark s palmer / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : the latest ( last ? )  mark ,  i am sending you the final ( ? ) draft of the paper by john martin  on enron ' s transformation . john martin is a prof from baylor who visited us  a few weeks ago .  can you take a look at the paper and bless it . i haven ' t read this last  version  of the paper yet and i will go through it on weekend .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 15 : 36 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : the latest ( last ? )  vince ,  attached is my latest attempt to wrap everything together . our timetable  is very short as we need an "" approved by enron "" version of the paper to don  by next wednesday . don has already made editorial changes for us and may  make some additional "" writing style "" changes but he doesn ' t change the  content .  i ' ll give you a call later today to alert you to the e - mail .  take care ,  john  p . s . i had a nice conversation with steve . sounds like he ' s landed a  pretty good contract with wiley .  - enron _ paper _ 2 _ 1 _ 01 . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0
2635,"Subject: approval for reviewer  roberts jr , michael a has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your  approval . you may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep  at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please  remember , no feedback can be completed on roberts jr , michael a until you  have approved the list .",0
1015,"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at bouncehost .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 )  - - - enclosed are the original headers of the message .",1
1031,"Subject: very sspecial offr  hello , welcome to pharmon blaspheme line s numeral hop  - one of the leading oniine pharmaceuti whether cal shops  phantasmagoria v  tercet g  rencontre al  l humect l  l perpetuation a  debtor ra mountain cl  i plenipotentiary sv dissert a  u trecento m  andmanyother .  - save ov vestry er 50 %  - worldwide misconceive shlpplng  - total confidentiaii unmarried ty  - over 5 miiiion customers vitalism in 130 countries  have a n viscid ice day !",1
370,"Subject: lasalle bank account alert ! please read !  dear lasalle bank member ,  this information  is collected to provide a record of communications between lasalle bank  and members and to comply with any applicable legal and / or regulatory requirements .  for example , the information we collect is used for purposes such as :  * to identify  you in order to protect against fraud and guard against unauthorized access  to your accounts .  * to enable us to complete your transactions quickly and efficiently , and to  provide you with quality customer service .  * to better serve your relationship by understanding which services may be the  right match for your needs , and telling you about new offers that may be of  interest to you .  * to help ensure that our information about you is current and accurate .  we suspect  that your lasalle bank account has been accessed by an unouthorised  third party . numerous login attempts were made from :  ip address : 24 . 123 . 125 . 75  isp host : rrcs - 24 - 123 - 125 - 75 . central . biz . rr . com  if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts  may have initiated by you .  therefore ,  as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourself that everything is normal  with your ballance and personal information , please confirm your identity by  completing the account verification process .  to get  started click on the link below :  after responding  to the message , we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated .  emailing us before that time will result in delays . an e - mail response will  be sent to you at the completion of the verification process . we apologize in  advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank  you for your cooperation as we review this matter .  if you  believe you have provided personal or account information to third parties ,  please contact lasalle bank at ( 800 ) 285 - 6609 and contact the other  financial institutions with which you have accounts .  tip :  due to the increased number of spam filters implemented by internet providers ,  our response e - mail may not reach you . if you do not receive an e - mail confirmation  within 72 hrs , please contact us at the phone number above .  thanks  for your patience as we work together to protect your account .  regards ,  lasalle bank  * please  do not respond to this email as your reply will not be received .  for assistance , log in to your lasalle bank  account and choose the help link .  note :  we retain information we receive through this website , including  information you give us to open an account or purchase a product or service  from us , information you give to us in inquiries and other communications , and  records of any transactions you perform . we share this information with affiliated  and nonaffiliated parties only as necessary to process and service your transactions  with us , or as required by law . such parties may include those who provide services  to us in connection with your accounts or transactions , or who are involved  in providing you the services you request . in certain instances they might include  a purchaser or potential purchaser of an account . we also report information  to credit bureaus in appropriate cases . and we share information with government  agencies and law enforcement as necessary . ",1
4268,"Subject: re : lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  sure :  i think that would be a great opportunity to get more insights on modeling  forward curves .  i would like to participate on both courses if possible .  many thanks for remembering my name .  paulo issler .  vince j kaminski  11 / 13 / 2000 08 : 15 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  paulo , alex ,  any interest ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 13 / 2000  08 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" julie "" on 11 / 12 / 2000 02 : 05 : 40 pm  to :  cc :  subject : lacima energy and weather derivatives courses by clewlow and  strickland  please find attached information ? for our next two courses and workshops : ?  energy derivatives : ? pricing and risk management and  weather derivatives , which will be conducted in houston and in london in feb  / march 2001 . ? instructors will be dr les clewlow and dr chris strickland .  ?  because the course requires intense interaction , the courses will be ? limited  to a maximum of 15 people , so early registration is encouraged .  ?  if you require further information , or would like to register for either or  both ? courses , please contact me via this email or our web site , ? www .  lacimagroup . com  - energy . pdf  - weather . pdf",0
5138,"Subject: re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  mr . kaminski ,  thank you for responding . i ' m sorry you won ' t be able to attend , but very  much appreciate your willingness to reconsider your decision about  participating in pserc . we will certainly keep you informed about on - going  and new pserc activities that may be of interest to enron .  best regards ,  dennis ray  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 2 : 02 pm  to : djray @ engr . wisc . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  dear mr . ray ,  i regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend  the power systems engineering research center ' s  upcoming industrial advisory board meeting in oak brook .  our work load does not leave us much time to get involved  with pserc at this moment . we would very much like to stay  in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this  year .  vince kaminski  "" dennis ray "" on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 46 : 44 pm  to : "" vince kaminski ""  cc :  subject : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation  mr . kaminski ,  greetings . bob thomas , shmuel oren and i invite you to attend the power  systems engineering research center ' s upcoming industrial advisory board  meeting in oak brook , il . it will be held on may 31 - june 1 .  as you know from lance and alex , this is an opportunity to meet university  researchers and industrial members of pserc . the meeting also has  presentations on pserc activities and research projects , pserc business  discussions , current topic discussions , and a tutorial . our current topics  discussion will be on iso / rto issues , and will involve executives from  several isos in dialog with university researchers .  please let me know if you have any questions . we hope to see you there so  that we can talk about any questions you might have about pserc .  dennis ray , ph . d .  executive director  power systems engineering research center  608 - 265 - 3808  ( see attached file : directions . doc )  ( see attached file : iab _ meeting _ may 2001 . doc )  ( see attached file : iab _ registration _ form . doc )  ( see attached file : pserc members . doc )",0
1730,"Subject: re : followup from iris mack  hi again ,  i thought it might be helpful if i forwarded a document which describes  some of the hybrid structured products i have been contemplating . please  refer  to the attached files .  in addition , any further information regarding my coming to houston ?  regards ,  iris  ( see attached file : hybrid structured products . doc )  ( see attached file : diagram of aircraft delivery options . doc )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa  - hybrid structured products . doc  - diagram of aircraft delivery options . doc",0
1402,"Subject: re : visit to enron  nick ,  the airport is about 30 minutes by cab from the office ( 1400 smith ) .  the best hotel is either hyatt regency downtown or doubletree  downtown ( it is important to emphasize downtown when making  reservations ) . the hotels are within a walking distance  from the enron building .  we can make reservations for dinner around 6 : 30 - 7 : 00  in a resturant within 10 minutes by car from the hotel .  by the way , we shall be very glad to reimburse you for the trip related  expenses .  vince  nick bambos on 05 / 11 / 2000 05 : 31 : 53 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  subject : re : visit to enron  vince ,  yes , that would be ideal . but let me call first my travel agent to  see if there is a flight that would satisfy all the other  constraints . what time should i be at enron on thursday , and how far is  the airport from your offices ?  thanks ,  nick  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > can you come to houston thursday night and meet me , stinson and  > kevin hannon ( one of top 3 executives at enron broadband services )  > for dinner ?  >  > vince  >  > nick bambos on 05 / 10 / 2000 10 : 49 : 46 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  > subject : re : visit to enron  >  > vince ,  >  > many thanks for arranging that . yes , friday 05 / 26 / 00 is good .  > i ' m blocking off in my calendar may 26 for the visit .  >  > again , many thanks . i look forward to seeing you and stinson  > in two weeks .  >  > nick  >  > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > nick ,  > >  > > thanks for your message . the best date for a visit to enron  > > would be friday , may the 26 th . please , let me know if this date would  > work  > > for you .  > >  > > vince  > >  > > nick bambos on 05 / 01 / 2000 04 : 26 : 30 am  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : visit to enron  > >  > > vince ,  > >  > > how are you ? hope all is well .  > >  > > is there any chance we can schedule my visit to enron on friday , may 19 ,  > > or friday , may 26 ?  > >  > > by the end of april i was able to attract a top new student to work on  > the  > > project .  > > the other one for the coming year will be giuseppe . by spending the  > summer  > > at enron , he will be in a position to bring the new one up to speed and  > > create an intellectual team here at stanford to look at these problems .  > >  > > i must move ahead soon to put the project in place and get the work  > going .  > >  > > talk to you soon ,  > >  > > nick  > >  > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > > >  > > > nick ,  > > >  > > > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research  > projects  > > > before your visit to enron .  > > >  > > > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference  > > call  > > > with me , stinson gibner ,  > > > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues .  > > > friday this week would work for  > > > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes .  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525  > > > ( office ) .  > > >  > > > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm  > > >  > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > > > cc :  > > > subject : visit to enron  > > >  > > > hello vince ,  > > >  > > > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch  > > > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the  > > > technical level and otherwise .  > > >  > > > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for  > > > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was  > > > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -  > > > mine is rather terrible :  > > >  > > > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter  > > > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron  > > > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to  > > > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in  > > > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .  > > >  > > > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably  > > > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within  > > > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this  > > > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be  > > > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so  > > > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top  > > > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have  > > > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing "" soft  > > > commitments to star - level students "" to get this research and its  > > > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought  > > > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this  > > > competition .  > > >  > > > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the  > > > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the  > > > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can  > > > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .  > > > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets  > > > going . please let me know what you think .  > > >  > > > best regards ,  > > >  > > > nick",0
1561,"Subject: re : marketpoint license agreement  john ,  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000  03 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 11 / 27 / 2000 02 : 51 : 54 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : marketpoint license agreement  vince :  i will send you our contract for the week long engagement . the way we do it  is send out our time and materials contract , which has a space for  individual task statements . i then put in a task statement for the week  long project at the $ 12 k level so that the costs and risks are capped for  you . look for it in the next day or two .  with regard to the long run and short run gas models , they are both  implemented in the same software system . neither is a prerequisite for  running the other , but both operate the same way and the sum of the two  consumes approximately the same resources are either individually .  i plan to have an extended visit in houston beginning one week from today  and lasting through the following wednesday . ( intensively tutoring my  daughter for her first semester economics finals at rice . she certainly  should have gotten a better looking tutor . ) that will make it very easy to  come by and finalize whatever needs to be finalized with you that week .  with her in houston , i spend a good bit of time there .  look for the stuff in the next day or two . i look forward to working with  you and your colleagues .  thanks  dale  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 10 : 44 am  to : dale . nesbitt @ worldnet . att . net  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : marketpoint license agreement  dale ,  thanks for your message . in our phone conversation before the meeting you  mentioned  another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your  company employees on a case - study .  the cost of a weekly project would be $ 12 , 000 that would be applied to the  purchase price should  we go ahead and decide to acquire the software . this project would allow us  to evaluate the model and  come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model  internally .  please , let me know more about this option .  we are primarily interested in a long - term natural gas model and the  database for north america .  unless a familiarity with the short term model is a prerequisite , we don ' t  have resources to spend too much time on it .  of course , a trading desk may be interested in the short term  version of the model . i shall talk to them about it .  vince  "" dale m . nesbitt "" on 11 / 13 / 2000 06 : 00 : 05 pm  to : , "" vince . j . kaminski ""  cc :  subject : marketpoint license agreement  john / vince :  i really enjoyed the meeting the other day with you and a broad cross  section of your people . thank you very much for setting it up , and thank  you for giving me the opportunity to speak with your people .  as i mentioned to john , i am sending you the license paperwork for  marketpoint . i have attached our standard license agreement for your  consideration . as i mentioned , the license agreement covers the entire  bundled product , which includes  ? north american gas , short and long term  ? north american electricity , short and long term  ? world gas  ? western european gas  ? world oil  we are just finishing porting the world oil , world gas , and western  european  gas models over from our old ( now obsolete ) software system into  marketpoint , so they will not be fully tested and complete for a couple of  months . however , the gas and electricity models for north america are  presently complete and tested . that should allow us to give you an  attractive price before the full worldwide toolkit is available throughout  your worldwide business .  as i understood it , you will want the gas modeling capability first and  will  want to defer decisions on electric or other capability . as i mentioned at  the meeting , we are prepared to offer that for approximately  the fully  bundled price . as you read the license agreement , you will see that the  software licenses for $ 100 , 000 annually , the gas data for $ 5 , 000 , and the  electric data for $ 10 , 000 . marketpoint will agree to license you the gas  model plus the data for  the software license plus the data license for a  total of $ 55 , 000 annually . this is just under  the fully bundled price .  i  think that is consistent with the discussions at our meeting , and from  marketpoint ' s perspective would provide a great basis to move forward  together with enron . if or when enron ever desires to "" scale up "" to  another  model or model ( s ) from the marketpoint portfolio , we will simply scale you  up to the entire license agreement . this will allow you to decouple the  gas  decision from any other decisions you might make . ( i will be glad to put  this additional pricing provision into the agreement if you decide to move  forward . )  i felt i was able to communicate the philosophy , scope , and operation of  our  approach during the meeting and to deliver you much of the information you  might need to evaluate whether marketpoint meets your needs . i thought you  were able to see the depth and sophistication of the product yet at the  same  time its simplicity and effectiveness . i thought you were able to see the  benefits of the marketpoint dimension of economic equilibrium as a  complement and supplement to other approaches you will assuredly use . i  would be interested in your impressions and those of your colleagues . i  look forward to your response and to moving ahead together . we view you as  a very important prospective customer and client and will work with you to  earn and secure your business .  if you decide to license marketpoint , we can arrange to transfer and mount  marketpoint and the short term narg model ( which is the model we suggest  you  begin with ) and travel to houston to deliver our 1  day training seminar .  our clients are usually very fluent after that 1  day training seminar .  thereafter , we would want you to work with the short term narg model for a  few weeks while you get up to speed , very fluent , and very comfortable  before you take delivery of the longer term version of narg several weeks  later .  thanks again , and all the best . if there is some item from the meeting  that  i might have forgotten to send , please remind me . my notes don ' t show  anything , but i was speaking a lot rather than writing notes during the  meeting and might have overlooked something someone wanted .  dale nesbitt  president  marketpoint inc .  27121 adonna ct .  los altos hills , ca 94022  ( 650 ) 218 - 3069  dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com  ( see attached file : license . doc )",0
2280,"Subject: continue enjoying iijournals - - renew today !  dear vince kaminski ,  we hope you are enjoying the benefits of receiving market - leading , rigorous and current research from industry experts through your subscription to derivatives quarterly .  unfortunately , your subscription is about to expire ! by renewing now , your access to the web site and to your print copies will be uninterrupted .  you can continue to get the exclusive research and practical advice for financial practitioners - written by the best minds in your business !  click here to renew today  thank you .",0
1790,"Subject: ceraweek 2000 update !  dear ceraweek 2000 registrant ,  thank you for your recent registration to ceraweek 2000 , cera ' s 19 th annual  executive conference and related events , february 8 - 10 , 2000 in houston , tx .  ceraweek 2000 promises to be a premier international event offering senior  energy executives new ideas , insight , and strategic thinking , as well as  opportunities for discussion on the major issues facing the global energy  industries .  to keep abreast of new speakers and agenda changes , we recommend that you  visit our website at http : / / www . cera . com / ceraweek / . please note that there  have been slight changes to the agenda and schedule .  if you have questions or concerns regarding ceraweek 2000 please contact  cera registration at register @ cera . com or 800 879 - 2372 ext . 800 ( outside  the u . s . ( 617 ) 497 - 6446 ext . 800 . )  we look forward to seeing you in houston .  sincerely ,  cera registration  - attl . htm",0
3311,"Subject: fwd : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  paul ,  thank you for the invitation to speak at the eastern conferences on  regulation and competition on may the 25 th . i shall be glad to attend and  make an after dinner presentation . i hope to be able to attend the entire  conference .  sorry for a delay in responding to your message . i have been traveling  extensively in the last few weeks .  vince  return - path :  from : vkaminski @ aol . com  full - name : vkaminski  message - id :  date : thu , 15 mar 2001 17 : 04 : 02 est  subject : fwd : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" part 2 _ 70 . 8 aeecl 9 . 27 e 29652 _ boundary ""  x - mailer : aol 6 . 0 for windows us sub 10501  return - path :  received : from rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( rly - yho 3 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 35 ] )  by air - yho 3 . mail . aol . com ( v 77 _ rl . 21 ) with esmtp ; fri , 09 mar 2001 18 : 01 : 27  - 0500  received : from postmaster . enron . com ( outbound 5 . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] ) by  rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( v 77 _ rl . 21 ) with esmtp ; fri , 09 mar 2001 18 : 01 : 01 - 0500  received : from mailman . enron . com ( mailman . enron . com [ 192 . 168 . 189 . 66 ] ) by  postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id xaao 2258 for  ; fri , 9 mar 2001 23 : 00 : 59 gmt  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  received : from nahou - msmswo 3 px . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 39 ] ) by  mailman . enron . com ( 8 . 10 . 1 / 8 . 10 . 1 / corp - 1 . 05 ) with esmtp id f 29 noxp 22494 for  ; fri , 9 mar 2001 17 : 00 : 59 - 0600 ( cst )  received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by  nahou - msmswo 3 px . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp  id for  ; fri , 9 mar 2001 17 : 01 : 07 - 0600  subject : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  date : fri , 9 mar 2001 17 : 00 : 58 - 0600  message - id :  x - mimetrack : serialize by router on ene - mtaol / enron ( release 5 . 0 . 6 | december  14 , 2000 ) at 03 / 09 / 2001 04 : 58 : 03 pm  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  x - mailer : unknown ( no version )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001  05 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" kleindorfer , paul "" on 03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 41 : 21  pm  to : "" ' vkamins @ enron . com ' ""  cc : "" ' mcrew @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ' ""  subject : invitation to the 20 th annual rutgers conference  vince :  for two decades now , i have been a member of the faculty helping to  organize the eastern conferences on regulation and competition that michael  crew of rutgers has chaired . this year will be , in fact , the 20 th  anniversary conference and a number of notable personages will be joining  us to celebrate what we have learned and what we haven ' t about the  economics of network industries . fred kahn , al philipps , bill hogan and a  number of other distinguished academics will be reviewing our progress and  the prospects for the future . the conference will take place at a  beautiful site in the poconos , about 90 minutes north of philadelphia , from  wednesday afternoon may 24 th to friday afternoon may 26 th . you can check  for yourself the nature of the program and the conference site / hotel at the  following website url :  http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri / ws . htm  michael crew and i would both be delighted if you would be willing to be an  after dinner speaker on thursday evening ( may 25 th ) , just before the key  research reviews of friday morning take place on the electricity , telephone  and gas industries , and following a day of special topics on emerging power  markets and other developments in network industries . naturally we would  be pleased if you would be able to stay for the entire conference , but  knowing your schedule , you may only have time for a part of it . that would  not be a problem . the usual after - dinner address is for 30 minutes ,  followed by a short q & a period .  your presentation would help to underline the tremendous importance of  enron in driving the development of new risk instruments to assist in price  discovery and efficient risk management for market participants , in energy  markets and more generally . both michael and i feel that your perspectives  on the "" new science of risk management "" and what can be expected from it  could be a very important addition to this special anniversay event .  please let me know ( and please do copy michael on your response ) whether  your schedule will allow your participation in this very special event .  michael and i would , of course , be very happy to follow up with you in  discussing the nature of the presentation , participants and so forth , if  this is a go . i look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  paul  paul kleindorfer  215 898 - 5830",0
4416,Subject: jcc study  here is the information produced in the study for marc de la roche .  - kevin k .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000  05 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 29 am  to : russell dyk / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : jcc study  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000  09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin kindall  09 / 29 / 2000 05 : 11 pm  to : james pyke / ap / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : jcc study  hello . please read the jcc note . feedback welcome .  - kevin k .,0
5259,"Subject: the mathworks visit on 10 / 18  shirley ,  please , confirm and put on my calendar .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000  01 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  scott wakefield on 09 / 20 / 2000 11 : 58 : 02 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : emcgoldrick @ mathworks . com , rbaker @ mathworks . com  subject : the mathworks visit on 10 / 18  hello vince :  myself , eugene mcgoldrick , and rick baker are looking forward to meet with  you and your group on 10 / 18 at 2 : 00 pm . eugene is the financial products  program manager and rick is a financial engineer and author of several of  toolboxes .  we want to understand the needs of your group to better demonstrate the  proper tools . do you or members of your group have specific applications  that we can address ? please email me those items and i will coordinate the  presentation with our group .  we would like to demonstrate how our tools can be used to rapidly develop  applications , be integrated with databases and other applications ( olf ,  odbc databases , excel , vb , etc . ) and then deploy those applications at no  cost to your traders and analysts .  i look forward to meeting you , please do not hesitate to contact me .  thanks  scott  scott wakefield  the mathworks , inc .  phone : ( 508 ) 647 - 7282  e - mail : swakefield @ mathworks . com",0
2157,Subject: research family outing and volleyball game  hello everyone :  start practicing ! we are going to have an outing and volleyball game for  the research employees and their families ! .  details are as follows :,0
1246,Subject: new impotence drug that treats male erectile dysfunction !  prescription medication for mens health and wellness .  he that dies pays all debts .  a contented mind is a continual feast .  nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming .  sweet mercy is nobility ' s true badge .,1
5267,"Subject: entouch newsletter  business highlights  east power midwest origination  beginning late 2000 , east power marketing implemented a complete market  coverage strategy . since then , epmi has begun to develop relationships with  hundreds of small  & mom & pop  8 municipalities . many of these munis had no  prior contact with enron . as a result , east power has executed a valuable 30  mw energy call option term purchase from the municipal energy agency of  nebraska ( mean ) at a congested location .  enron industrial markets  eim has renamed pulp , paper the state power  exchange effectively replaced three monopoly buyers with one monopoly buyer .  deregulation does not mean buying all of your commodity at the last minute ,  on the spot market , rather than planning ahead and purchasing most of the  power under long - term contracts that lock in prices .  the situation in california is the result of continued regulation ,  complicated by a series of natural and man - made factors .  welcome  new hires  egm - lowell bezanis , owen zidar  eim - eric holzer , john ovanessian  ena - mecole brown , nita garcia , ambroshia hunter , nikole jackson , junichi  sugiura , theresa zucha , cynthia gonzalez , scott wilson , kenton schaefer ,  emily butler  transfers  ena - joseph hardy , nancy vu , lloyd miller , jinsung myung , patrick johnson ,  jason wolfe , andrew miles , sara shackleton  eim - sherri baldwin , debbie chance , rob saltiel  egm - jody crook , neithard foley , juan paysse , bhavna pandya , courtney  campbell , terri denning  nuggets & notes  "" it is on the high side of medium to high . "" - - tim battaglia , vice  president / steel origination eim ( discussing the probability of a transaction  closing ) .   & i wanna see the phone glued to your ear !  8 - - ed baughman , vice  president / east power mid market ena   & referrals , referrals , referrals ! it pays to know good people . ""  ) ambroshia  hunter perry / hr ena  you requested more info  ( . proud parents michelle vitrella , pr coordinator ,  and husband david vitrella , manager of trading , have named their baby girl  lily ann . she was born on february 27 , 2001 .  learning at the speed of enron  if you haven ' t had a chance to log on to www . investinme . enron . com , you ' re  missing a fast and easy way to gain the information you need to get ahead and  stay ahead . this new ews training site combines everything you loved about  ernie with much , much more . enron employees now have the ability to register  for hundreds of classes on industry - related topics anywhere in the world .  don ' t have time to attend a classroom training ? no problem , you can now use  the web site to search for books , videos , cd rom , and web - based training . all  the learning you want , anytime , anywhere . just go to  www . investinme . enron . com and start building your future today !  news from the global flash  enron wind  enron wind has purchased the factory facilities of the dutch company , aerpac ,  europe ' s second largest producer of wind turbine rotor blades . this move  represents a significant step towards fulfilling enron wind ' s strategic  objective of manufacturing high - quality and technically sophisticated rotor  blades in - house . enron wind will be using its own moulds to produce the  rotor blades . the acquisition of the almelo - based factory facilities , which  are only 60 kilometres from enron wind ' s facilities in salzbergen , germany ,  gives the company a convenient base for european wide distribution .  enron applies for greek electricity trading license  enron , through its subsidiary enron power mepe , has applied for an  electricity supply license for greece , for the 34 % market opening on feb 19 th  2001 . if the license application is successful , enron will be allowed to  approach customers consuming more than 100 gwh up to a combined total peak  capacity of 350 mw . in total , 4 companies have applied for power trading  licenses ( enel , atel and cinergy also applied ) .  legal stuff  the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary  to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only  and should not be disclosed .",0
3935,"Subject: my resume  vince :  attached please find my resume .  thanks ,  ding  6 - 7072",0
171,"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at nsl . mxlinux 2 . com .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  this address no longer accepts mail .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 30891 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 17 - 0000  received : from ntokymo 09176 . okym . nt . adsl . ppp . infoweb . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 229 . 92 . 176 )  by wpc 2010 . amenworld . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 17 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24816188 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ grafex . net  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1
773,"Subject: impaired risk case of the month  male 58 non - smoker  face amount $ 3 , 000 , 000  5 ' 11 255 lbs .  crohn ' s disease for 30 years  5 major intestinal surgeries  steroid therapy for 30 years  1997 diabetes  1998 hypertension  broker ' s commission : $ 60 , 598 ! !  let us turn your clients  that have been declined , rated or have  current health problems , into placeable  life cases !  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  for broker use only . not for public dissemination .  we don ' t  want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional  communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this  mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  legal  notice ",1
4156,"Subject: congratulations  vince ,  congratulations ! i wish you the best of luck with your new responsibilities .  shalesh ganjoo",0
473,"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere eiements  $ 125 corei painter ix  $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  lincoin ",1
892,"Subject: proteja su negocio ! ! cctv , alarmas , control de accesos  cctv  alarmas  control de  acceso  su  satisfacci?n y seguridad son nuestro principal  objetivo .  ? cotizaci?n sin compromiso !  cont?ctenos y le atenderemos  con gusto .  atenci?n personal :  gregory  taylor  seguridad @ intec . com . mx  3000 - 2800  ext . 132  s?lo m?xico d . f . y ?rea  metropolitana ",1
2142,"Subject: re : visit to houston  martin ,  all other things equal , i would prefer march 2 nd as the following friday is  the beginning of spring break for hisd . can you check with racicot and  fallon ?  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 12 / 2001  11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nick bambos on 02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 33 : 33 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to houston  hi stinson ,  eventually , the team here ( giuseppe , eric , myself ) has converged to two  possible dates to propose for a visit :  1 ) friday , march 2  2 ) friday , march 9  how do these look on your side ?  we ' ll structure the agenda immediately after we fix the date .  i look forward to seeing you again .  best ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should  > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule  > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in  > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research  > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current  > technology is evolving .  >  > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let  > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 .  >  > looking forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson",0
723,"Subject: here is the money we owe you  dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . mortgage - newx . net / index 2 . php ? refid = malwe look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > http : / / www . mortgage - newx . net / r . php",1
5716,"Subject: * special notification * aurora version 5 . 5 release , what ' s new ?  iv  friends :  i spoken with most of you over the last few weeks regarding the new  version of aurora due to be released tomorrow . we ' ve broken a lot of  new ground with this version , and this version will serve as our  official launch into the eastern u . s . we ' ve worked closely with our  eastern customers , and responded to the needs of the market . some of  the enhancements :  aurora software modeling enhancements :  * energy storage - resources ( pumped hydro )  * market areas : no limit on number of areas  * transmission : congestion pricing .  * price caps  * risk analysis  * modeling enhancements via vb scripting : "" update data "" capability  general capabilities  * aurora ' s run time speed improved again .  * file transfers to epis  * interface enhancements  reporting enhancements  * marginal resource reporting  * resource operations reporting  * resource stacks detail consolidated  aurora databases  * east - central aurora database - - 25 market areas modeled with 11  market areas in new york iso .  * wscc aurora database - - updated ipp resources  * ercot aurora database - updated resources  * all databases updated to use the new modeling capabilities  as aurora continues to grow , and we meet the needs of the market , we  have made several procedural changes . we continue to offer free 7 - day  demos to those companies that want to take a look at the model , and get  a brief idea of how it thinks and feels . after that 7 - day demo period  we now offer either a discount for moving into a full license , or we  offer a 60 - day trial for $ 10 , 000 . 00 - - we also now offer more options  for the licensing of the model . annual licenses are priced as follows :  single user ( 1 user / 1 pc )  $ 33 , 000 . 00  limited - use ( 1 user / multiple pcs or multiple users / 1 pc )  $ 45 , 000 . 00  two - user ( 2 users / 2 pcs )  $ 55 , 000 . 00  site license ( unlimited users / pcs excluding affiliates )  $ 79 , 000 . 00  affiliate - site ( unlimited users / pcs including affiliates )  $ 99 , 000 . 00  for additional information , please contact me , and i ' ll speak with you  about how aurora can help you in your specific operations and projects .  v . todd wheeler  sales manager  epis , inc .  ( 503 ) 722 - 2023 tel . x 210  ( 503 ) 722 - 7130 fax  www . epis . com  todd @ epis . com  >  - what ' s new - version 5 . 5 information . doc",0
2843,"Subject: re : march real options conference  >  this is a draft of what i was thinking of presenting . i was not planning to  go over any specific options or opas ( these are covered by confidentiality  clauses and i have to be careful from a competitive standpoint ) but to give  the audience a few of the "" real world "" applications and challenges . i  welcome any thoughts or comments .  gary  > - - - - - - - - - -  > from : peter tufano [ smtp : ptufano @ hbs . edu ]  > sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 4 : 56 pm  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com ; gljackson 2 @ tva . gov  > subject : re : march real options conference  >  > dear vince and gary ,  >  > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in  > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my  > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably  > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we  > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely  > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to  > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free  > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est )  > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone  > numbers . thanks .  >  > peter tufano  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > prof . peter tufano  > harvard business school  > morgan hall 377  > soldiers field  > boston , massachusetts 02163  > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855  > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592  > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu  > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano  >  - real options valuation in the new economy . ppt",0
2541,"Subject: t . v .  please what ' s the ststus ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 11 : 27  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  08 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : darren p adamik / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : t . v .  we are in need of a 9 inch t . v . set .  the set will be located betweeneb 3240 e and  eb 3240 f .  r . c . # 100038  co . # 0011  please if any more information is needed  please call me x 34710 .  also please provide e . t . a .  thanks  kevin moore",0
2786,"Subject: the inn at penn  danielle  fyi . this is the information regarding the best hotel  for the meeting on december the 6 th , 9 : 00 - 12 : 00 .  vince  http : / / www . innatpenn . com / contact . html  the inn at penn  sansom common , 3600 sansom street  philadelphia , pa . 19104  phone : 1 - 800 - 809 - 7001  fax : 215 - 222 - 4600  please , mention that the stay is related to the university business  when making the reservation .  tom piazze at wharton can confirm it .  tom piazze  phone : ( 215 ) 898 1615  piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu",0
3131,"Subject: re : summer internship  vince ,  i appreciate your inquiry regarding an extra spot in the summer associate  pool . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon .  best regards ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : wednesday , march 29 , 2000 8 : 34 am  > to : cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  > cc : vince j kaminski ; vasant shanbhogue  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  >  >  > cantekin ,  >  > the summer associate program has closed but i shall check to see  > if i can get one extra place .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" cantekin dincerler "" on 03 / 28 / 2000  > 11 : 48 : 53 am  >  > please respond to cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  >  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  > subject : summer internship  >  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential  > of renewing my  > internship at enron for the summer of 2000 .  >  > while the date of my request is later than i would have  > wished , the reason  > is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this  > summer and get  > my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can  > put it off to  > a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there  > is a project  > that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the  > case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty  > and spend the  > summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr .  > ronn , and he is  > very supportive of this idea .  >  > i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to  > hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > cantekin dincerler  >  > doctoral candidate  > the university of texas at austin  > graduate school of business  > department of finance  > office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  > fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  > home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  > http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0
5625,"Subject: re : message from charles shen at williams  charles ,  i am coordinating an offer fro you . i shall call you with  the details later this week .  vince  charles shen on 10 / 18 / 2000 10 : 59 : 16 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : message from charles shen at williams  dear vince :  how are you ?  it was very nice talking to you last friday , i was  very impressed by your group , and very interested in  this opportunity .  if you need any additional information , please feel  free to call me at 918 - 409 - 4308 , i look forward to  hearing from you very soon . thank you .  sincerely ,  charles  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! messenger - talk while you surf ! it ' s free .  http : / / im . yahoo . com /",0
4437,"Subject: interview with the enron research group  hello mr . kudin :  vince kaminski has asked me to schedule interviews for you with some  of the research group . however , tuesday , the 8 th is not a good day for  everyone as we will need approximately 3 hours .  could you do it thursday afternoon may 10 th ? we could start at 1 : 00 pm  and be through by 4 : 00 pm .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  krishna krishnarao vice president  tanya tamarchenko director  zimin lu director  alex huang director  please let me know if this will work for you . if so , i will need you to forward  me a copy of your resume .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0
2323,"Subject: re : summer internship  shirley ,  cantekin will be joining us again this summer as a summer intern . he will  be starting around the end of may .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2000  12 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" cantekin dincerler "" on 04 / 14 / 2000 03 : 52 : 04 pm  please respond to  to : "" ' stinson gibner ' ""  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  stinson ,  i have received the offer , thank you . i am looking forward to being there  again and getting involved in some interesting projects . i bet it will be  fun .  as to when i can start , i think i can start around the end of may . i can  give you a more precise date after i figure out the schedule regarding my  assistanship obligations .  ps : could you give some idea about the kind of projects that we ' ll be  working on ? i might do some advance reading if you could point out some  references .  best regards ,  cantekin  > cantekin ,  >  > you should be getting an offer of a summer internship within  > the next few days .  > if you don ' t , please let me know .  >  > i think you will be working with me on a combination of enron  > broadband services  > and enron north america projects and am looking forward to  > having your help .  > some of the projects should be a lot of fun .  >  >  > when are available to start so i can plan ahead for you ?  >  > best regards ,  >  > stinson  >  >",0
4464,"Subject: alp presentation  hi vince ! !  i ' ll take care of the invitations and i am planning to be at the concert on saturday !  thanks ! !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 55 pm  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron  subject : alp presentation  christie ,  shirley reserved room 49 cl for monday 4 : 00 p . m . presentation .  can you issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game / dinner  details ? i don ' t have all the details regarding the enron field  box and time . i am out most of the day on wednesday but we can  discuss the details on thursday .  hope to see you on saturday at the concert .  vince",0
2354,"Subject: leadership committees  we are launching a number of committees to perform key functions across  enron . enron  , s breadth of activities and nonhierarchal organization make it  increasingly necessary to broaden the participation of enron  , s next  generation of leadership in the important decisions affecting the company .  broadening participation will result in increased access to information as  decisions are made and will allow committee members to extend their working  relationships and influence throughout the company .  the committee charters and memberships are set forth below . not everyone  listed has been contacted in advance . we urge you to serve if at all  possible , but , if you cannot , please contact the committee chair .  vp prc  the vp prc will continue to be responsible for evaluating the performance of  enron  , s vice presidents , determining promotions to vice president , and  recommending promotions to managing director . additionally , the vp prc will  review and propose changes to the prc process , the performance evaluation  criteria and the promotion criteria .  the vp prc will be chaired by dave delainey and its membership is as follows :  tim belden ben glisan danny mccarty  michael brown joe gold jeff mcmahon  rick buy mark haedicke rob milnthorp  wes colwell jim hughes matthew scrimshaw  david cox louise kitchen jeff shankman  janet dietrich michael kopper richard shapiro  dave duran john lavorato marty sunde  jim fallon dan leff  analyst / associate prc  the analyst / associate prc will be divided into 3 groups . enron europe will  have the same committee evaluate analysts and associates . this group will be  chaired by john sherriff and its membership is as follows :  pierre aury kevin heffron andreas radmacher  rob bayley joe hirl stuart rexrode  paul chivers chris mahoney marcello romano  markus fiala christopher mckey bjarne schieldrop  david gallagher roy poyntz ron slimp  bruce garner paul quilkey rob stewart  the associate prc for the americas will be chaired by stan horton and its  membership is as follows :  sally beck troy henry kevin presto  jeremy blachman sean holmes brad richter  don black sean long stewart seeligson  dan castagnola rodney malcolm hunter shively  joe deffner scott neal jim steffes  kevin garland john nowlan andy zipper  david gorte ozzie pagan  the analyst prc for the americas will be chaired by steve kean and its  membership is as follows :  federico cerisoli mark jackson everett plante  jennifer fraser ben jacoby paul racicot  derrick davies steve jernigan angela schwarz  scott gahn jay lewis ed smida  rod hayslett cheryl lipshutz jon thomsen  rogers herndon michael mann emilio vicens  brenda herod ed mcmichael frank vickers  kevin howard steve meyers  analyst / associate program  the most essential determinant of enron  , s continued growth is our ability to  attract and develop new talent . the analyst / associate program has been the  biggest contributor to our success in this area . charlene jackson , currently  leading our analyst / associate program , has taken a commercial position in  ees  , account management organization . we thank charlene for her hard work  and many contributions to the program . going forward , this program will be  administered by a committee chaired by john sherriff , ceo of enron europe .  the members of this committee are listed below . billy lemmons , currently  vice president of enron global markets , will lead the day - to - day operations  of the program . billy joined enron in 1992 , and has served in a variety of  commercial capacities across the company and has been an active participant  in the associate / analyst program . please join us in congratulating billy on  his new responsibilities .  phillip allen andy fastow eric shaw  robina barker - bennett kevin garland hunter shively  rick causey ken rice stu staley  joe deffner  culture  we are combining the vision and values , diversity and corporate  responsibility committees into a single corporate culture committee chaired  by ken lay . cindy olson , beth tilney and kelly kimberly will serve as  executive directors of this committee . this committee will focus on  leadership and work - life issues ( making it easier to attract and retain the  best talent ) , in addition to continuing the work of the vision and values ,  diversity and corporate responsibility task forces . the members of this  committee are as follows :  greg adams louise kitchen mark palmer  shelley corman michael kopper paula rieker  janet dietrich richard lewis jeff shankman  jeff donahue sean long mitch taylor  gene humphrey dan mccarty mike terraso  robert jones jean mrha  the corporate policy committee will conduct the md prc and review the  recommendations of the other committees , giving substantial deference to the  decisions of those other committees . we will be forming other committees to  deal with other significant functions , tasks and issues facing the company .",0
5054,"Subject: my resume  hi , dr . kaminski :  glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more  about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318  - cv . doc",0
3265,"Subject: re : cover design / copy for energy derivatives publication  fiona ,  to answer your questions :  1 . we approved chapter 3 for publication .  2 . my current affiliation is enron n . a . grant left the company but my advice  it to leave his bio as is ( it reflects his employment status when he was  working on the chapter ) .  i don ' t think we should update the bio and advertise his new employer .  3 . ad material is fine .  vinnce",0
4626,"Subject: re :  tani ,  yes , i am aware of it .  thanks for letting me know who  is the hr rep in london .  vince  tani nath  05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 01 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  subject :  vince ,  i don ' t know if you are already aware of this , but maureen raymond has been  taken ill and i understand has received medical advice that she should not  travel before the end of next week at the earliest .  tara is the appropriate hr representative in london ; i will ask her to keep  both you and houston hr informed of the situation .  many thanks , tani",0
3015,"Subject: re : move research employee from one location to another on the 19 th  floor  shirley ,  your request has been scheduled for march 23 rd .  erica : )  shirley crenshaw  03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 16 pm  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  subject : move research employee from one location to another on the 19 th floor  hello all :  attached is a churn request to move clayton vernon from ebl 943 to ebl 952 .  he will need 3 boxes and labels delivered to his ebl 943 location , a few  days before you schedule his move .  if you need any other information , please let me know .  thanks and have a great weekend !",0
1320,"Subject: fyi  barclays bank plc  63 st . mary axe  london ec 3 a 8 le  email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net  fax : + 447092868687  i am mr . tim kennedy , senior credit officer , barclays bank plc london . i am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of us .  in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of 12 . 5 million british pounds sterling ( twelve million five hundred thousand british pounds sterling ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more about the crash on visiting this website .  since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because the bank cannot release the funds unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .  unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i and two other officials in this department now decided to do business with you and release the money to you as the next of kin or beneficiary of the funds for safe keeping and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go back into government treasury as unclaimed bill .  we agreed that 20 % of this money would be for you as foreign partner , while the balance will be for my colleagues and i . we will visit your country for the disbursement according to the percentages indicated above once this money gets into your account . please be honest to me as trust is our watchword in this transaction .  note that this transaction is confidential and risk free . as soon as you receive this mail you should contact me by return mail whether or not you are willing to enter into this deal . in the event you are not interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my banking career should you mention this to someone else . i hope you can be trusted in this regard .  please note that all necessary arrangement for the smooth release of these funds to you has been finalized . we will discuss much in details when i do receive your response via my confidential email address : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net and fax number stated below .  please in your response include your telephone and fax numbers for a better communication between us .  best regards  tim kennedy  email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net  fax : + 447092868687  mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site  - http : / / yoursite . com",1
996,"Subject: software for system builders , resellers , and hardware purchasers only .  get latest softwares , 99 % savings .  the two most abundant things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity .  i know nothing except the fact of my ignorance .",1
2306,"Subject: re : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  i will ask him which specific directories he needs to access .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 08 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  stinson ,  should we do it ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000  08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 11 / 21 / 2000 07 : 04 : 54 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : approval is overdue : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com  this request has been pending approval for 2 days and you are the  alternate . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007876  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 11 / 20 / 00 2 : 36 : 29 pm  requested for : stewart . range @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory",0
4044,"Subject: re : summer internship  ezequiel ,  i have forwarded your resume to our analyst / associate program with a request  to accept you as summer intern . if the summer program is full , my group  will hire you directly for the summer .  vince  ezequiel luis on 11 / 13 / 2000 04 : 23 : 23 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dear mr . kaminski  i am currently pursuing the m . s . in ieor at uc berkeley . i attended the  speech you gave some weeks ago .  i am interested in summer internship positions available in enron . you will  find enclosed my resume .  sincerely ,  ezequiel luis  este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / commcenter . infosel . com  internet gratis  http : / / www . terra . com . mx / terralibre  - resume elm . doc",0
683,"Subject: re : money issues ygr  repair your credit online ! it ' s the online credit breakthroughyou ' ve been waiting for ! in less than 5 minutes , directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer , yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknfyou could be repairing your credit ! you can watch daily real time updates , as you fix your problems get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove the negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team yp 5 a 9 d 3 tsj 53 xfocwg 6 oflwjwsonnkigarhp 91 8 qyfvkpfqgknf",1
1051,"Subject: banned cd ! banned cd !  i have been receiving emails saying that i ' m contributing to the "" moral decay of society "" by selling the banned cd . that may be , but i feel strongly that you have a right to benefit from  this hard - to - find information .  so i am giving you one last chance to order the banned cd !  with this powerful cd , you will be able to investigate your friends , enemies and lovers in just minutes using the internet . you can track down old flames from college , or you can dig up some dirt on your boss to make sure you get that next promotion !  or maybe you want a fake diploma to hang on your bedroom wall . you ' ll find addresses for companies that make these diplomas on the banned cd .  need to disappear fast and never look back ? no problem !  using the banned cd , you will learn how to build a completely  new identity .  obviously , the powers that be don ' t want you to have the banned cd . they have threatened me with lawsuits , fines , and even imprisonment unless i stop selling it immediately . but i feel that you have a constitutional right to access this type of information , and i can ' t be intimidated .  uncle sam and your creditors are horrified that i am still selling this product ! there must be a price on my head !  why are they so upset ? because this cd gives you freedom .  and you can ' t buy freedom at your local walmart . you will  have the freedom to avoid creditors , judgments , lawsuits , irs  tax collectors , criminal indictments , your greedy ex - wife or  ex - husband , and much more !  please click the url for the detail !  http : / / % 32 % 317 . % 31 % 30 % 36 . % 355 % 2 e 97  { % rand % }  you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want to send our mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them . if you do not wish to receive any further messages from netcommission . to be removed from our list ,  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1
2816,"Subject: new update on ppi model for inflation book - final version  dear all ,  attached is anjam ' s reasoning and final version of the uk ppi pllu model .  the uk inflation book ' s main exposure is to two ppi indexes - the pllu and  the dzcv through year 2010 . both are ppi output indexes with very comparable  baskets . the only significant difference between the two is the presence of  energy in the pllu ( 7 . 6 % ) . the model in use escalates the two indexes by the  same factors . however , with the energy price fluctuations in recent years  different models for the two indexes would reflect better the nature of their  drivers . anjam concentrated on the pllu index first and he will shortly  construct one for the dzcv based on the same methodology , but without the  brent crude curve .  the new model achieves the two main objectives of the ppi curve : it is  significantly more robust and stable than the existing one , and it is  considerably less sensitive to the input coefficients . this will result in us  having more confidence in our monthly p & l as well as less fluctuations .  best regards ,  martina  x 34327  anjam ahmad  10 / 03 / 2000 11 : 59  to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new update on ppi model for inflation book  dear all ,  i followed up on the suggestions of happening babe at the conference call as  follows : -  1 ) use less data  unfortunately , kicking out only 1990 makes the overall equation a lot less  robust , in fact dramatically so , and so eliminates the possibility of using  less data . the model tested was the rpi ( month + 15 ) ppi pre - empts the moves in rpi by about 8 months . the  magnitude of the oscillations is also reduced . this shows that if we had  more detail in our rpi forward curve , then the ppi model would reflect those  peaks and humps adequately .  conclusion  i therefore propose that we use the model that incorporates rpi , rpi [ t + 15 ]  and deviations of brent crude from long - term average . the new model is  plotted below in burgundy and can be compared to the old ppi which is  depicted in blue .  please note that all this analysis only applies to pllu , and that a separate  study will be needed for the dzcv ppi index .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 09 / 03 / 2000 16 : 52  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anjam ahmad  08 / 03 / 2000 14 : 03  to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect , harry arora / hou / ect @ ect , maureen  raymond / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect  cc : trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , leandro  ibasco / corp / enron @ enron  subject : update on ppi model for inflation book  dear all ,  we thought it might be useful to incorporate brent crude as an explanatory  variable for ppi ; it was found that deviations of dated brent crude from the  long - term average of $ 18 . 80 was the best form of the variable to use ( for  predictions the brent forward curve produced by the global products group is  used ) . the three new equations developed were : -  pllu ( t ) = a . rpi ( t ) + b . rpi ( t + n ) + c . ( datedbrentcrude - 18 . 8 ) + constant ,  where n is 14 , 15 or 16  [ reddish curves ]  r - squared approx 0 . 49  f - stat approx 32  the chart below shows what our projected pllu curve would be given this  equation , and also the three best relations from before which were based upon  current and future rpi :  pllu ( t ) = a . rpi ( t ) + b . rpi ( t + n ) + constant , where n is 14 , 15 or 16  [ greenish curves ]  r - squared approx 0 . 47  f - stat approx 45  comparison of models  as you can see , the two equations differ in the very short - term and very  long - term ; the inclusion of deviations of brent crude leads to short - term  predictions of 3 . 0 % to 3 . 2 % over the next six months . the greenish curves  predict pllu in the range of 2 . 5 % to 2 . 8 % over the next six months .  the curves are then very similar until 2009 , when the models including crude  break - away to the upside , relative to the falling rpi curve . the model based  purely on rpi hugs the rpi curve much more closely in the longer term . this  is only important to the extent that we have large positions beyond 2009  ( which we don ' t ) .  suggestion  what could be useful now is a differently - specified model designed to  forecast only the next 3 months , using auto - regressive or auto - regressive  error terms . this model would be far more accurate in the near - term , and we  could include this information onto the front of this long - term model . this  may be useful , despite the fact that most of our exposure is in future time  buckets .  back - testing  all the models give similar visual and statistical performance over the data  sample used ( based mainly on 1990 s "" new paradigm "" economy ) .  hopefully we can discuss these and other points later in the tele - conference ;  your ideas on this would be appreciated .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0
4617,"Subject: risk management book order  vince ,  fyi , i ordered the risk management book you requested . it will be published  on june 2 nd , and we will receive it shortly thereafter .  judy  3 - 9584",0
117,"Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  aii listed software is avaiiable for immediate downioad !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !  just few examples :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best regards ,  ardeil ",1
3730,"Subject: re : agenda for ny mg metals visit  hi ted and vince ,  thank you for conveying our thoughts exactly - tanya and i hope to close the  circle with you at 4 pm , ted .  regards ,  anjam and tanya  from : ted murphy  14 / 07 / 2000 16 : 02  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam  ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect ,  eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit  i agree with vince . ideally , this visit would supplement rather than  duplicate effort . however , on the front end , i would prefer a little  overkill to underkill - especially with respect to the var process . i would  defer to anjam / tanya ' s opinion as to what is necessary to get an initial  comfort level . remember that this is the first cut , but it will need to be  refined over time to the point where it is credible enough to force someone  to take a position down based on the calculatiion . if this causes some  heartburn please refer those people to me .  ted  vince j kaminski  07 / 14 / 2000 09 : 04 am  to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect  cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam  ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit  lloyd ,  speaking from experience , i think that it ' s critical for tanya and anjam to  visit mg in new york  and establish direct relationship with technical people . merging two risk  management systems  requires handling many very technical issues and face to face discussions  between it and quants  will be very helpful .  vince  from : lloyd fleming 07 / 14 / 2000 03 : 42 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect ,  ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit  tanya ,  i think most of your queries can be dealt with on the phone - i ' ll be at mg  with andreas today and we ' ll call you . most of these points have already  been covered with anjam in any case . i ' m also attaching a file downloaded  from mercur ( mg ' s risk aggregation system ) showing monthly total positions  for each metal in each entity . you can fairly easily create tables and graph  what you want to see . we can talk today about getting a full deal download .  regards  tanya tamarchenko  13 / 07 / 2000 22 : 45  to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , richard  sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect ,  stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted  murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : agenda for ny mg metals visit  hi andreas ,  here are the issues we would like to discuss on our thursday meeting in ny :  1 . inputs for options valuation , in particular the origins of volatility  curves ;  2 . information on exotic options structures ( existing  3 . the data flow ( are we going to get data from london or ny ) .  4 a . storage of positions information at mg . how to extract the positions  info from  mg database into spreadsheets .  4 b . existing positions structure for each metal .  5 . introduction to concentrates trading business , key personnel .  best regards ,  tanya & anjam  713 853 3997",0
2872,"Subject: re : releasing different versions of vatrfacs code  winston and jin ,  for last half year the following developments were implemented by jin for  vatrfacs code  ( the calibration code for var ) :  1 . weighting the log - returns with exponential decay factor while calculating  correlations ;  2 . calculating factors and correlations for uk curves ;  3 . joint estimation of factor loading for selected groups of commodities ;  4 . alternative method for collecting historical data for correlations  calculation  ( based on fixed contract instead of collecting prompt , prompt + 1 , etc . prices )  in order to release these developments research has to have each version under  clearcase . then we will :  1 . run vatrfacs code in stage environment ( stage has been refreshed  recently ) .  2 . run var code in stage and validate the results .  it is time to start releasing these 4 versions . projects 3 and 4 require some  experimental runs  in stage . a few traders ( in gas , power and liquids markets ) are expecting the  results .  meanwhile the following developments have been suggested by reseach , approved  by risk control ,  submitted to it as spreadsheet prototypes and waiting in line :  1 . volatility blending for intramonth power positions ;  2 . forward volatility smoothing and extracting forward forward volatilities ;  hope we can follow our procedures to make all these developments go smoothly  and efficiently .  tanya .",0
2143,"Subject: re : testiing component var  naveen ,  as we discussed yesterday , i would like to see the results of components var  testing .  i got some from sunil today for agg - gas .  in addition if you can send me component var results for ng - price for some  date ,  as well as ng positions , forward price curve , forward volatility curve for  ng - price - prc for that  same date , i can verify the numbers .  thank you ,  tanya .",0
2817,"Subject: lets meet and greet !  hello everyone :  since we have so many new employees , vince thought it would  be a good idea for the research group to have an offsite social  so that we might get to know each other better and to celebrate  a great first half !  when : tuesday , july 11 th  where : ninfa ' s across the street .  time : 5 : 30 pm - 7 : 30 pm  what : snacks , drinks and fellowship  more to follow - mark your calendars !  shirley",0
2321,"Subject: re : matthew williams  let ' s agree the switch happens november lst and we will change sap to reflect  specialist status and matthew will be send a letter .  matt , can you just send me a note confirming you are ok with this and cc .  karen tamlyn who will make the change .  regards  sk  dale surbey  11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 21  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect , tani  nath / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : matthew williams  i agree - sounds like a good idea .  - dale  steven leppard  11 / 10 / 2000 18 : 05  to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect  cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d  williams / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : matthew williams  all  following discussions between matt , vince kaminski , and me , matt has decided  he ' d like to make a longer - term commitment to research . with this in mind  we ' d like to request that matt is switched from a & a to the specialist track .  vince and i feel this is clearly in the best interests of enron given matt ' s  proven strengths in quant analysis .  how do we proceed ?  all the best ,  steve",0
2755,"Subject: fwd : abstract  return - path :  from : vkaminski @ aol . com  full - name : vkaminski  message - id :  date : sun , 1 oct 2000 07 : 40 : 46 edt  subject : abstract  to : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" part 2 _ 15 . 9 e 45 a 9 f . 27087 cbe _ boundary ""  x - mailer : aol 3 . 0 16 - bit for windows sub 86  shijie ,  i am sending you the abstract for my informs presentation .  vince  * * * * *  the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility of  the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created a  number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one immediate  question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices .  although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are  characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in financial  economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may not fit  well electricity prices . the second challenge is to explain the sources of  high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can be  attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run . such problems  include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to abuse  market power , limited availability and / or unequal access to transmission ,  temporary shortages of generation capacity . some factors underlying high  volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a  necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded customer  choice .  - informs . doc",0
3892,"Subject: vince kaminski  good morning mr . bandini :  i am dr . kaminski ' s assistant and he has asked me to forward a copy of  his "" bio "" and the following information to you .  dr . kaminski ' s email address : vkamins @ enron . com  telephone number : 713 / 853 - 3848  thank you for your interest .  sincerely ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : scrensh @ enron . com",0
180,"Subject: afforable health care  men ' s health :  viagra , cialis , levitra  anti - depressants : ativan , paxil , prozac , zoloftpain relief : soma ,  ultramweight loss : meridia , phentermine  viagra - $ 2 . 0 / pillsoma -  $ 1 . 4 / pillcialis -  $ 4 . 2 / pillvalium - $ 3 . 0 / pillxanax  - $ 2 . 3 / pillambien -  $ 2 . 7 / pillultram -  $ 1 . 2 / pillativan - $ 2 . 0 / pilllevitra -  $ 4 . 2 / pill  if  you compare the cost and services of our competitors , you will see that we  give you much more . . . for less . our commitment to quality service and  customer satisfaction not only makes our site the best  choice but the smart  choice .  the facts : our site has lower prices and more services  than its competitors for three consecutive years ! our prices are between 43 . 43  and 58 . 8 % ( an average of 66 . 32 % ) less than the market average .  visit us http : / / ioaxint . enjoydays . info / ? 6 c 2 ae 3 afaoaf 7 bdol 9325599 cf 9 zbb 83 / ",1
2568,"Subject: reviewer approval  please note that your employees have suggested the following people to  complete a feedback form on their behalf . you will need to access the  performance management system ( pep ) to either approve or decline these  suggested reviewers . once you have approved the suggested reviewers they  will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form .  your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below :  date suggested : may 19 , 2000  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name : kollaros , alexios  date suggested : may 22 , 2000  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name : krishnarao , pinnamaneni v",0
2728,"Subject: ebs  stinson ,  the spreadsheet below shows the allocations i made for ebs .  the numbers in magenta show percentage allocations ,  of course , samir and samer are gone , ad so is roman .  the problem is that once i give the percentages to accounting they become  fixed for one year .",0
3139,"Subject: rabi de phone interview  shirley ,  let ' s act on it .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  05 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : rabi de phone interview  vince ,  we had phone interview with rabi de . my impression is good . we should invite  him for a formal interview .  he is a hands on person with wide range of experience ( energy financing ,  derivatives trading , hedging , etc ) .  he communicates very well and expressed interest in financial engineering &  modeling .  zimin",0
1193,"Subject: what is emc stock to cash ?  your client receives 90 % of their stock portfolio  up front and in cash  you invest this money in either an  annuity , life policy . . . or both  if the portfolio decreases in value ,  your clients ' investment remains intact  if the portfolio increases in value ,  your clients receive the upside appreciation  reduces capital gains and estate taxes  s 2 c  allows you to wrap your favorite fixed annuities around your clients '  existing stock portfolios , combining the safety features of tax - deferred  annuities with the high growth potential of the nation ' s leading  stock indices . annuities can also be used to fund fixed life insurance  policies .  call tim armstrong or e - mail us today !  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  we  don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to  receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance  professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply  to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1
2926,"Subject: re : visiting enron may 4 th  susan ,  thanks . it makes sense to call christie and  explain the objectives of your visit in may .  vince  "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence ,  hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > "" susan c . hansen "" on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219",0
1279,Subject: better sex ! better relationship !  the real viagra deal on the net ! simply the best !  it is the nature of all greatness not to be exact .  he appears to have been weened on a pickle .  so long as there are men there will be wars .  americans never quit .,1
5506,"Subject: alp proposal  carrie ,  i am sending you , as promised , the draft of my proposal . please , let me know  if it meets your requirements . i shall be glad to revise it and send you the  final version .  vince kaminski  * * * * * * * * * *  one of the most important trends in the energy industry during the last year  was proliferation of electronic , internet based , trading platforms for  wholesale markets and for retail operations . websites such as  www . houstonstreet . com and www . altranet . com provide facilities for matching  buyers and sellers . the website operated by enron corp . ( enrononline )  represents an alternative solution under which enron acts as a principal in  every transaction . on the retail ? side , many retail e - commerce companies  offering auctions , reverse auctions and platforms for creation of buyers  ,  clubs challenge incumbent utilities . the objective of this project is to  evaluate the impact of e - commerce ( both at the wholesale and retail levels )  on the energy industry . the study will start with comparative analysis of  different wholesale trading and retail e - commerce business models and  evaluation of their long - term viability . the next step will be assessment of  the impact of e - commerce on price dynamics , profit margins and the level of  competition in different energy markets . a separate section will be devoted  to analysis of reaction of companies and organizations affected by e - commerce  ( incumbent utilities , organized exchanges , energy brokers ) to the new  competitive threat , and different strategies they implement to meet the  challenge . organized exchanges have accelerated in many cases the transition  to screen - based trading that has been already replacing open outcry  technology . power and natural gas marketers have created alliances ( with  other industry players , software companies and electronic exchanges ) to  create their own trading platforms . gas and electric utilities embarked on  development of vertical and horizontal e - commerce platforms , offering  services to households and other companies in the energy industry . the  critical question is how quickly different companies should react to the  competitive threats and how fast they should exploit opportunities created by  the internet based economy . it ' s quite obvious that the internet revolution  will change the energy industry ' s landscape during the next few years . the  objective of the project is to provide answers to the questions posed above ,  based on the currently available information . additionally , the participants  should come up with fallback strategies the energy companies should implement  in case the currently ? expected trends fail to materialize .   _",0
4112,"Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the "" performance management quick reference guide "" . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an "" open "" feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the "" submit "" button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000  crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j . kaminski may 24 , 2000  ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000  vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000  yuan , ding richard l carson jun 02 , 2000  zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000",0
934,Subject: a new era of online medical care .  now you can have sex when you want again and again !  whenever you have an efficient government you have a dictatorship .  i sing all kinds .  to follow by faith alone is to follow blindly .,1
5695,"Subject: re : probability question from vince ' s article  thank you , michael ! i ' m forwarding your answer to vince kaminski , and thank  you for reading !  sam smith  5 - 8322  enron energy services  from : michael kim @ ees 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 50 pm  to : william . smith @ enron . com  cc :  subject : probability question from vince ' s article  answer is 0 . 2344  it ' s been awhile since i studied probability . i think this is a conditional  probability problem .  thank you .  mike kim",0
313,"Subject: your logo and visual identity from us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq  toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
4431,"Subject: material for thu 2 mar wg meeting  fyi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 29 / 00 01 : 15  pm - - - - -  nevil @ ipn . caida . org  02 / 28 / 00 10 : 35 pm  to : metrics @ caida . org  cc : ( bcc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications )  subject : material for thu 2 mar wg meeting  hello all :  appended below you ' ll find a summary of ideas that people have contributed  since we at caida began to get the metrics wg started . some of this  material has already appeared on the metrics mailing list , the older  material comes from personal emails . i ' m posting it again to give us all  some more ideas to think about .  for those who are able to attend the wg meeting in san jose this thursday  ( 2 mar ) , i ' d like to spend time in the morning getting to know about  attendees interests and experience in making internet measurements .  i suggest that a good way to do this would be to have each group give a  short ( 10 minutes , response times , and this gets even more interesting . . . you only need  > to be able to see traffic in one direction ( from client to server ) to  > get a fairly accurate round - trip time from the client to the server  > ( irrespective of how far away the client is from your measurement  > host ) , because of tcps three - way handshake for connection  > establishment ; when you see the opening syn , you wait for the client  > to ack the server ' s syn ack and you have the client - > server round - trip  > time . i think you ' ve actually already done some of this ? we could  > also potentially try to correlate dns queries and tcp connections ,  > perhaps determining some probabilities in a given environment of a  > host initiating a tcp connection to a host for which it just received  > an a record , and track various application - level response times ( i ' d  > personally love to have a lot of data on the ratio of dns response  > time to tcp transfer time for http connections ) . even if the  > measurement makes no attempt to discern what constitutes a web  > transaction to the user ( a full page , usually many tcp connections ) .  >  > anyway , i think there are some fairly interesting things we can  > measure with simple techniques , these are just some simple ones .  > there may be some interesting things we could do by digging into  > payloads of a few of the other highly - utilized applications , but doing  > it for tcp is a nightmare perfomance - wise . but we now have the basic  > infrastructure to do things with dns over udp . we can probably cover  > any open udp protocol without incurring performance penalties that  > would make it completely unusable . snmp , for example . . . while its  > application is limited , network service providers would find  > round - trip time information for snmp packets from their network  > management stations to agents very useful . i think there are some  > rudimentary things we can do with tcp as well , and i also think some  > sites would be interested in having some rudimentary information . for  > example , a weighted ( by traffic ) round - trip time distribution for tcp  > traffic to / from all networks with which you communicated ( say at / 24  > granularity ) . this gives sites a notion of how close they are to  > those they talk to most frequently . with a little more work , we could  > probably make reasonable bandwidth estimates for every end network for  > which we see tcp data ( we could certainly get a reasonable number for  > the maximum observed bandwidth ) .  >  > these methods also decouple the measurement from the traffic . while we  > all know the value of that , i think it ' s significant in that active  > probers can be run on the same host , decoupled from the actual  > measurement , and with timestamps coming from kernel space ( bpf ) . i ' ve  > been thinking about this for a long time , because eventually i ' d like  > skitter ( and other tools ) to be able to do use tcp packets for probing ,  > with no need for things like ip firewall code ; if i can just properly  > time non - blocking connects , and count on the passive tool to see the syn  > and syn ack , i can use any tcp port for round - trip time measurements and  > not trick my kernel by sending tcp packets on a raw socket . i need  > feedback from the passive tool for tracing like skitter ( it needs to  > know when a reply has been seen from a hop and when the destination has  > been reached ) , but it ' s not difficult ( simple bytestream - oriented ipc is  > sufficient ) .  >  > going further , i like the idea proposed by some others ( maybe funded at  > this point , i ' m not tracking it ) of instrumenting the freenix tcp / ip  > stacks . a lot of useful information could be pulled from the stack .  > but eventually someone ' s going to have to come up with what pieces of  > information are desirable enough for someone to want their stack  > instrumented ( and it ' ll have to be somewhere between what ' s currently  >  > implemented and a full - blown metering system like rtfm ) . and i think in  > the interim , there are a lot of things we could do using libpcap on our  > local machines , non - promiscuous and in user space ( safe , easy to  > implement and test ) . to me the benefits here are :  >  > - a user is likely to have a tangible , well - understood relationship  > with their workstation ( understood by them ) . this is particularly  > true for those of us with network expertise . so it ' s at least  > plausible that we can find correlations of measurements with  > user experience in a fairly short period of time , helping us hone in  > on what ' s useful . even if we only find weak correlations ( for  > whatever reason ) , once a correlation exists , more people will be  > interested in helping with development because it ' ll be something  > they ' ll use personally .  > - we ' re essentially guaranteed to see traffic in both directions .  >  > i ' d personally be interested in trying to find some small sets of  > information that correlate to user experiences , so that it doesn ' t  > take a terabyte of disk and 64 processors to deal with data from say  > 10 , 000 desktops . : - )  >  > anyway , just some random thoughts . the hard part for me at the moment  > is thinking about useful generalizations and infrastructure to support  > them . . .  cindy bickerstaff responded . .  > we ' re just starting to capture the mss and window size negotiations between  > timeit and servers to get an idea of what is typical or usual . wonder if  > daniel ' s code could do that too from the various traffic monitoring points  > caida has out there ? the data could be used to fill in some parameters for  > trying to model some of the passive data collected . since a typical web page  > has many elements between a single client and server the first or base page  > gives you a starting idea of what to expect and the subsequent elements are  > like repeat measurements of the same path over a very short time interval .  > since there is a strong time of day / week effect ( volumes and perf ) , the  > short duration of the data collection from a single web page ( incl .  > elements ) might give some options for modeling ( and maybe getting a better  > estimate of packet loss ) . i ' ve really enjoyed joining the e 2 e - interest group  > for the ideas on factors and the references to past modeling attempts ( e . g .  > mathis , et . al . paper . . . ack its bulk transfer focus ) .  paul krumviede highlighted the difficulty of agreeing on details  of how to measure common metrics like availability , reliability ,  throughput and latency .  > an example was throughput . since it was proposed  > that this be measured using a tcp file transfer of  > random data , one concern was what does this do  > to latency ? and where does this get measured ? as  > many customers of this service would not be large  > businesses , measuring this from the customer end  > of a 56 - or 64 - kbps circuit was almost certain to  > drive end - to - end latency measurements beyond  > defined bounds . measuring it from within points in  > the provider ' s network ( s ) might show figures that the  > customers could never see themselves .  >  > the compromise was to define the throughput metric  > as ocurring at access link loads of no more than 50 %  > of the bit rate . but how does one measure that ? and  > so on . . .  >  > given that this discussion was recognized as being the  > prelude to the imposition of minimal slas , as part of the  > "" certification "" process for service providers , this may be  > an illustration of the perils of discussing slas and metrics  > in some interchangable form . but they may not be easy  > to separate in the minds of some .  carter bullard said  > i ' m specifically interested in bridging  > rtfm and ippm work , particularly to describe how an  > rtfm can be a generic connectivity monitor . ippm  > describes type - p - unidirection and bidirectional  > connectivity , and a single point rtfm can detect  > these conditions , but standard descriptions for how  > this can be done would be very useful .  >  > personally , one of the things that i ' m interested  > in is tcp based streaming services performance , such  > as that seen in internet radio distribution , and of  > course ip telephony wireline performance metrics would  > be very good to describe .  nevil brownlee comments that he ' s also very interested in  developing the rtfm meter as a platform for more general measurements .  two areas seem interesting ( apart from getting more information  from tcp streams ) : ~  + qos / difserv performance  ( what metrics do we need to characterise this ? )  + ipsec ( what metrics will still be useful when we can ' t  look at port numbers ? what kinds of traffic can still be  identified ? )  curtis villamizar said  > i ' m particularly interested in the work on dos at  > http : / / www . cs . washington . edu / homes / savage / traceback . html and would  > like to see that on the agenda .  this would provide a general way of determining where packets came from ,  not just a tool for tracing dos attacks . ",0
2658,"Subject: research group accountant  hi dawn :  the research group has moved around so much that we do not know  who to contact for accounting issues . we need to reverse some money  back to one of the groups we are supporting , but do not know who to contact .  do you have a clue ?  we are also still using an sap corp . co # and rc # because we do not  know where to go to get the new ena # ' s .  if you could help in this we would really appreciate it .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw",0
678,"Subject: important : $ 97438  dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 300 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . kxxjn . com / i / lzevaw 5 8 zymg 5  rodger pereiraru patrick financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 9 : fadzilah chloride belgrade airway gaconniehttp : / / www . kxxjn . com / rem . php . . . not interested",1
4548,"Subject: resume of a former fx trader  i am forwarding the resume of wendell licon who works for enron  in the hr department ( executive compensation ) . he used to be an  fx trader . i am thinking about moving him to research when his current boss  is ready to release him .  i think , however , that you  should take a look at him as well and see if he fits your needs .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000  04 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  wendell licon @ enron  07 / 11 / 2000 04 : 04 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume  vince ,  per your request , i ' ve attached a copy of my resume . please let me know if  you have any questions .  regards ,  wendell",0
3604,"Subject: re : flat screens  f . y . i .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 06 : 03  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  01 / 07 / 2000 06 : 03 am  to : tommy garza / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : flat screens  thanks tommy ,  the locations are correct .  eb 3131 b and eb 3132 b .  the persons at the locations  are trisha tlapek and michael sergeev .  thanks  also we need a computer for roman zadorozhny  location ebl 972 b .  please inform me on this . . . . . . . . .  kevin moore",0
4322,"Subject: job well done / bob lee , kenneth parkhill  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2001  03 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mario de la ossa @ enron  02 / 28 / 2001 03 : 26 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : job well done / bob lee , kenneth parkhill  just wanted to pass along my appreciation for the fine work these 2 gents are  doing on the products model . their attention to detail and customer focus  has greatly facilitated the performance of my job . thanks , mario .",0
2850,Subject: next eprm article  hi vince  the next article is due by the end of the week - apologies for the lateness .  could you have a look at the attached draft and let us have your comments in  the next couple of days .  thanks  les .  - eprm _ 08 _ analytical _ pricing . zip,0
631,Subject: discreet penis enlargement 4623  4623,1
4117,"Subject: larry thorpe  hi vince ,  been meaning to ask for your input about larry thorpe ' s proprietary model for  electricity returns . i have not been able to get much information about the  parameters as larry says the nature is proprietary . it is hard to make a  judgement about its usefulness without such information .  larry ' s e - mails to me indicate that he is working on npl 5 real time prices  and he promises to share the results with us . please advise on direction to  take as i am not quite sure about the model without further information .  separately , larry indicated that you had promised him some data and would  like to know if you have forwarded it to him . i can convey your position to  him .  thanks .",0
1175,"Subject: your membership community charset = iso - 8859 - 1  your membership community & commentary ( july 6 , 2001 )  it ' s all about making money  information to provide you with the absolute  best low and no cost ways of providing traffic  to your site , helping you to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every net - preneur .  - - - this issue contains sites who will trade links with you ! - - -  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  in this issue  - - - - - - - - - - - - -  internet success through simplicity  member showcase  win a free ad in community & commentary  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  today ' s special announcement :  | | | = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = > >  we can help you become an internet service provider within 7 days or we will give you $ 100 . 00 ! !  click here  we have already signed 300 isps on a 4 year contract ,  see if any are in your town at :  click here  you are a member in at least one of these programs  - you should be in them all !  bannersgomlm . com  profitbanners . com  cashpromotions . com  mysiteinc . com  timshometownstories . com  freelinksnetwork . com  myshoppingplace . com  bannerco - op . com  putpeel . com  putpeel . net  sellinternetaccess . com  be - your - own - isp . com  seventhpower . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  internet success through simplicity  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  every day of the week , i get questions from people all  over the world , including my no bs gimg members ,  wanting to know some of the most valuable "" secrets ""  to my on - going internet success .  let me say , above all else , i don ' t believe there are any  * true * "" secrets "" to success on the net . what you do to  become successful in the online world is not a "" secret "" ,  in my opinion . most successful people follow simple , clear ,  repeatedly - proven strategies to succeed , whether on the  net or off .  but , when it comes to someone asking for advice ,  consultation , or simply asking , "" what ' s your secret ? "" ,  i have to blush & say . . .  persistence and personality .  of course , i always follow the advice with my own little  disclaimer : what makes me successful may not work the  same for you . . . & your first lesson is to get over  the deep - seeded idea that success - of any kind , in  my opinion - is somehow an unknown , unattainable secret .  clearly , it is not . it ' s not unknown . it ' s not unattainable .  it ' s not years of digging to find the "" secrets "" to internet riches .  one thing that "" gets to me "" so often in my work as an  internet consultant , author and internet success  strategist is that so many people on the net seem to  have this incredibly huge mental block that stands  between themselves and success on the net . it ' s  almost as if they ' ve been barraged by so many claims  of what works and what doesn ' t work , and so many  long , complicated routes to actually succeeding in  their online venture , that "" success "" is the equivelant of a 100 - foot high brick wall .  it ' s not that difficult , my friends ! it is not that complicated ! !  long - time friend and business associate rick beneteau  has a new ebook out called branding you & breaking  the bank . get it ! !  http : / / www . roibot . com / bybb . cgi ? im 7517 _ bybtb .  but , the reason i mention this is the fact that he talks  so dynamically about the true simplicity of making your  online venture a success .  and , yes , rick & i come from the same school of  "" self marketing "" - marketing you ! obviously , that ' s  the core of his excellent new ebook , and i couldn ' t  agree with him more .  point being , * you * are everything you do online to  succeed . you are your web site , your business , your  marketing piece , your customer service , your customers '  experiences with your business - - all of it , is you !  read his ebook & you ' ll see more of what i ' m saying .  the matter at hand is that brick wall you might have  standing high as you can see , blocking the path  between you & internet success . listen to me - it is  not real ok ? it doesn ' t exist . there ' s nothing there  to fear to begin with . . . get over it ! !  what i ' m telling you is , the only thing standing between  you and the success you most desire . . . is yourself .  when you realize this , you will tear down that brick  wall by means of complete and instantaneous  disintegration . it will no longer exist * in your mind * ,  which is the only "" real "" place it ever was anyhow !  yes , "" persistence and personality "" inherently includes  honesty , integrity , accountability , and many other  qualities but you also have to hone in on your ultimate  goals and realize that probably the most valuable ,  powerful key to your success . . . is you !  that may be the most incredible "" secret "" we ever  uncover in our lifetime ! and , trust me , that brick wall  won ' t ever get in your way again . . . unless you let it .  talk about simple ! !  bryan is a "" veteran "" internet consultant , author ,  internet success strategist & marketer . he publishes  mega - success . com chronicles to over 11 , 500 subscribing  members , authors articles which appear all over the  net , and helps hundreds of wealth - hungry people in  their journey to internet success .  bryan is also director of his no bs guerrilla internet  marketing group at http : / / . com  & a fantastic new joint venture partners program  for that site .  bryan hall is a founding member and the development  consultant for the prestigious icop ( tm ) at  http : / / www . i - cop . org / 1016 . htm  you can reach bryan at 877 . 230 . 3267 or by  emailing him directly at bryan . hall @ mega - success . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  member showcase  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  examine carefully - those with email addresses included will  trade links with you . . . you are encouraged to contact them .  there are many ways to build a successful business - just look at  these successful sites programs other members are involved  in . . .  get insane amounts of traffic to your website .  purchase 10 , 000 guaranteed visitors to your site  and receive 5 , 000 free . more traffic = more money !  less than 2 cents a visitor . space is limited .  order now ! http : / / www . freepicklotto . com  trade links - businessopps @ aol . com  stop smoking - free lesson ! !  discover the secret to stopping smoking .  to master these powerful techniques , come to  http : / / www . breath - of - life . net  for your free lesson .  act now ! p . s . tell someone you care about .  trade links - jturco 3 @ hotmail . com  celebration sale !  $ 99 . 00 on casinos / sportsbetting sites , lingerie stores ,  gift stores , adult sites toy stores .  mention ad # bmlm 99 to receive this special sale price .  order now !  http : / / www . cyberopps . com / ? = bmlm 99  affiliates of the world !  top rated affiliate programs , excellent business opportunities ,  great marketing resources and free advertising for you !  visit the site to trade links . http : / / www . affiliates . uk . com  trade links - adrianbold @ affiliates . uk . com  just been released ! !  internet marketing guru corey rudl has just released a  brand new version of his # 1 best - selling internet marketing  course , "" the insider secret ' s to marketing your business on  the internet "" . a must have ! so don ' t hesitate ,  visit . . http : / / www . adminder . com / c . cgi ? startbgmlmezine  we have a 260 page catalog with over 3000 gift items for men ,  women , children - a gift for everyone . we show 100 gift items  on our web site alone , with the catalog you have access to  the rest . we also feel we have the best prices on the web .  visit at http : / / www . . net  trade links - georgel 932 me @ yahoo . com  if you have a product , service , opportunity or quality merchandise  that appeals to people worldwide , reach your targeted audience !  for a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you can exhibit  your website here , and trade links for only $ 8 cpm . compare  that  to the industry average of $ 10 - $ 15 cpm . why ? . . . because as a  valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today -  showcases are limited and published on a first come , first serve  basis .  for our secure order form , click here : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  win a free ad in community & commentary  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll  draw a name from the replies and that person will win one  sponsorship showcase ad in the community commentary , for free .  that ' s a value of over $ 700 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey ,  and increase your chances to win with four separate entries .  question  of the week ( 07 / 06 / 01 ) . . .  no right or wrong answers , and just by answering  you are entered to win a showcase ad - free !  ~ ~ ~ do you spend more or less time ~ ~ ~  ~ ~ ~ online in the summer months ? ~ ~ ~  more  mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com  less  mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com  same  mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com  to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the  e - mail address that matches your answer - you do not need to  enter any information in the subject or body of the message .  * * add your comments ! follow directions above and  add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll  post the best commentaries along with the responses .  you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free  sponsorship ad in the community commentary . please  respond only one time per question . multiple responses  from the same individual will be discarded .  last weeks ' s results ( 06 / 29 / 01 )  ~ ~ ~ what is the goal of your website ? ~ ~ ~  sell 40 %  get leads 20 %  build branding 5 %  provide information 20 %  other 15 %  comments :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our web site is initially designed to get leads , build  branding , and provide information . . . . . . . with a 12 month goal  of selling our service more specifically via a shopping cart .  we offer a service and at this time take deposits and payments  via our site .  our site has been up less than 2 months and our expectation  was that we would refer to our site for leads developed in  traditional media and by referral for more information , and  to make a professional impression on someone you may not  meet before providing service .  the growth of our customer base shopping on line has grown  outside of anyone ' s expectations . . . . . . . certainly mine and  i ' ve been in this business for 25 years . the internet is not  dead in the horse business , it is just getting it ' s legs , and  the folks using it want to get all the ancillary services  on - line as well . our site ( the first we ' ve developed ) has  exceeded our expectations , and we aren ' t satisfied with it  yet . . . . . . . we just wanted to get it there for information !  jeff and rebecca marks http : / / www . grand - champion . com  branding . while quality customer service and product  have been and will always be our top priority brand building  zesto is our most challenging task .  zesto . com ranks very high and most often # 1 or 2 on  all major search engines and directories even yahoo entering  the keyword zesto . the problem is simply that , who if anyone  would type the keyword zesto , therefore we must try to  build our brand by ensuring that generic keywords associated with our products ( citrus peel ) are used throughout  our site as well as search engine submissions .  fortunately owning a non generic domain short , easy  to remember and trademarked works in our favor because  the marketability potential is limitless .  arlene turner http : / / www . zesto . com  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - =  to change your subscribed address ,  send both new and old address to submit  see below for unsubscribe instructions .  please send suggestions and comments to : editor  i invite you to send your real successes and showcase  your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs ,  "" working together we can all prosper . "" submit  for information on how to sponsor your membership  community commentary visit : sponsorship  showcase  copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com  email : yourmembership 2 @ aeopublishing . com  voice :  web : http : / / www . aeopublishing . com  this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your  request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p = oo & id = bd 7 n 7877 . 7 giv 5 d 57 & m = bd 7 n 7877 charset = iso - 8859 - 1  in this issue  internet success through simplicity  member showcase  win a free ad in community & commentary  today ' s special announcement :  win a free ad in community & commentaryto keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll  draw a name from the replies and that person will win one  sponsorship showcase ad in the community commentary , for free .  that ' s a value of over $ 700 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey ,  and increase your chances to win with four separate entries .  question  of the week ( 07 / 06 / 01 ) . . .  no right or wrong answers , and just by answering  you are entered to win a showcase ad - free !  ~ ~ ~ do you spend more or less time ~ ~ ~  ~ ~ ~ online in the summer months ? ~ ~ ~  more  mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com  less  mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com  same  mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com  to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the  e - mail address that matches your answer - you do not need to  enter any information in the subject or body of the message .  * * add your comments ! follow directions above and  add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll  post the best commentaries along with the responses .  you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free  sponsorship ad in the community commentary . please  respond only one time per question . multiple responses  from the same individual will be discarded .  last weeks ' s results ( 06 / 29 / 01 )  ~ ~ ~ what is the goal of your website ? ~ ~ ~  sell 40 %  get leads 20 %  build branding 5 %  provide information 20 %  other 15 %  comments :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our web site is initially designed to get leads , build  branding , and provide information . . . . . . . with a 12 month goal  of selling our service more specifically via a shopping cart .  we offer a service and at this time take deposits and payments  via our site .  our site has been up less than 2 months and our expectation  was that we would refer to our site for leads developed in  traditional media and by referral for more information , and  to make a professional impression on someone you may not  meet before providing service .  the growth of our customer base shopping on line has grown  outside of anyone ' s expectations . . . . . . . certainly mine and  i ' ve been in this business for 25 years . the internet is not  dead in the horse business , it is just getting it ' s legs , and  the folks using it want to get all the ancillary services  on - line as well . our site ( the first we ' ve developed ) has  exceeded our expectations , and we aren ' t satisfied with it  yet . . . . . . . we just wanted to get it there for information !  jeff and rebecca marks http : / / www . grand - champion . com  branding . while quality customer service and product  have been and will always be our top priority brand building  zesto is our most challenging task .  zesto . com ranks very high and most often # 1 or 2 on  all major search engines and directories even yahoo entering  the keyword zesto . the problem is simply that , who if anyone  would type the keyword zesto , therefore we must try to  build our brand by ensuring that generic keywords associated with our products ( citrus peel ) are used throughout  our site as well as search engine submissions .  fortunately owning a non generic domain short , easy  to remember and trademarked works in our favor because  the marketability potential is limitless .  arlene turner http : / / www . zesto . com  to change your subscribed address ,  send both new and old address to submit  see below for unsubscribe instructions .  please send suggestions and comments to : editor  i invite you to send your real successes and showcase  your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs ,  "" working together we can all prosper . "" submit  for information on how to sponsor your membership  community commentary visit : sponsorship  showcase  copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com  email us : : visit our site  phone :  this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  view our privacy policy .  powered by ",1
2910,"Subject: sokolov eis expenses  hi kevin :  i was out of the office on thursday and friday . i have discussed this with  vince kaminski and he says the charges are correct . jason sokolov  reports to tanya tamarchenko in the research group and all of their  costs are charged to rac .  if you need further verification , please contact vince kaminski at 3 - 3848 .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  3 - 5290  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001  07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anita dupont @ enron  03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 20 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : sokolov eis expenses  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 14  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : kevin jolly / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 38 pm  to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : sokolov eis expenses  anita , the other day i called you to get jason sokolov ' s cost center . some  of his eis expenses ( market data , long distance ) for jan and feb 2001 were  charged to the enron corp . rac cost center . in order for our accountants to  reclass the expenses , we need your approval that the expenses can be moved .  if this is okay , just reply back and let me know .  see the attached files for the detail of the expenses to be moved for jan and  feb .  thanks for your help ,  kevin",0
2609,"Subject: mgmt 656  here is your latest roster . we are up - to - date on all changes but , of  course , the students may still drop / add up to the second week of module 5 .  when the time comes , please check your roster carefully and make sure that  the people on the list really are attending your course . mistakes happen so  i just would like to make sure we have a correct record .  as always , let me know if you would like the excel folder with e - mail  addresses . i don ' t send them at the same time to avoid overwhelming our  e - mail system . thanks for your help !  - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  - 656 . doc",0
3255,"Subject: mike roberts  john ,  i have received your message regarding mike roberts . i could not  agree more . mike deserves to be compensated for his exceptional  contribution .  additional recommendation . i think that all weather forecasting support  should be consolidated under mike ( including the weather guys supporting  power trading ) . in my view , it was a mistake to remove mike from  power support . it would also mean a lot to him personally .  vince",0
1845,"Subject: re : interviews  marshall ,  sorry for a delay in responding to you .  my hr people were asked to get in touch with you re  the candidates .  vince  marshall brown on 03 / 27 / 2001 02 : 36 : 12 pm  to : "" ' vince kaminski ' ""  cc :  subject : interviews  vince ,  i had two candidates speak with zamin lu on 3 / 14 / 01 and 3 / 16 / 01 .  ( renshi zhang and bill koures respectively ) . i know you were in london last  week . if you could please give me some feedback ( either positive or  negative ) as soon as possible , i would appreciate it .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party .  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . ",0
1702,"Subject: template for pricing the right of first refusal  shelley and chris ,  i have set up a template for pricing rofrs . the rofr is priced as a series  forward start options .  a forward start option gives the holder the right to exercise the option but  the strike price  is set at the money in future before the option expiration . the feature  mimics the "" matching the best bid ""  in the rofr . the underlying for the option is the "" best bid "" , which should  be closely related to the  price differential between the two hubs that the pipeline connects . therefore  the rofr is case dependent ,  as vince pointed out . the volatility can be estimated from the "" best bid ""  price history .  with these inputs we can estimate the value of rofr . if you have any  questions concerning the model  please feel free to call me or vince .  zimin lu",0
5718,"Subject: altos na gas model  kim , i know you have been interested in the development of a long term  natural gas model for use in the ets revenue management effort . i agree that  the ability to model various supply / demand scenarios for north america  should prove useful in ets business development efforts , and in particular ,  in predicting the impact of the new , large alaskan gas supplies on the n . a .  pipeline grid .  as you know , vince kaminski feels that a software product developed by dale  nesbitt ( marketpoint , inc . ) of los altos hills , ca . may be a good choice , and  one readily available in a relatively short time . marketpoint has proposed  that they work with us in our offices for a week of intensive training and  testing , so we can make a more informed decision before ordering the  software . they have proposed a charge of $ 12 , 000 , plus expenses , for the  one - week session , with that cost applied to the first year ' s subscription  price ( approx . $ 55 - 60 m / yr ) should we decide to go forward . the other  details ( timing , ene resources required , necessary it interface , etc ) still  need to be worked out , but i believe there is generally a consensus to  proceed with the test .  with my recent relocation to the clean fuels group , i will no longer be  responsible for the alaskan pipeline development . however , danny mccarty is  pulling together a team consisting of people from nng , nbp and elsewhere in  ets to push the project forward . i believe eric gadd will be playing a key  role as well . the decision on the long term gas model should appropriately  be made by the new project team .  i have attached a draft of the proposed marketpoint license agreement . it  has not yet been fully reviewed by legal ( or by shelley c . for the  "" affiliate "" issues ) .  let me know if i can provide any other background or assistance .  jng",0
5042,"Subject: swaps monitor research .  we have today published information about the global exchange - traded options  and futures volume . this research is contained in the attached pdf file .  through our web site , swapsmonitor . com , you can obtain additional information  about otc derivatives dealers , including rankings and a database of  outstandings going back to 1994 .  as an e - mail subscriber to our research , you will automatically receive all  free research at the same time it is placed on our web site . if you wish to  remove your name from the e - mailing list , please use the reply feature of  your e - mail application and type the word "" remove "" in the subject line .  regards ,  - total _ et . pdf  andrei osonenko  research department",0
567,Subject: msnbc : rates hit 18 year low 4 . 75 % . . . 28940  now you can have hundreds of lenders compete for your loan !  fact : interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years !  you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! !  * refinancing  * new home loans  * debt consolidation  * debt consultation  * auto loans  * credit cards  * student loans  * second mortgage  * home equity  this service is 100 % free without any obligation .  visit our web site at : http : / / 61 . 129 . 68 . 19 / usero 201 / index . asp ? afft = qm 3  to unsubscribe : http : / / 61 . 129 . 68 . 19 / light / watch . asp,1
2522,"Subject: re : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group  hi molly :  i guess it is time to try and schedule frank ' s interview . we would like to  bring him in sometime around the first of february ( when krishna returns ) .  please contact him and see what a good time for him would be .  attached is his resume and interview request form .  - enron _ resume . doc  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001  09 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 12 / 20 / 2000 05 : 35 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group  you , too , shirley . we ' ll be back in touch .  molly  shirley crenshaw  12 / 20 / 2000 02 : 07 pm  to : cheryl arguijo / enron _ development @ enron _ development , molly  magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group  hello molly and cheryl :  attached is frank ' s resume . we still have quite a bit of time as we want to  schedule this for after krishna returns on the 25 th of january .  this position would be for the research group directly , and would include  all of vince ' s direct reports .  thanks and merry christmas and happy new year ! !",0
5680,Subject: re : rabi de ' s sign on bonus  sorry vince i have been out of town . please give me a call tomorrow .,0
5142,"Subject: hib visa application - sevil yaman  sevil ,  please , make sure you provide this information asap .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001  12 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret daffin  04 / 25 / 2001 12 : 04 pm  to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron  cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona  perkins / enron @ enronxgate  subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman  sevil : please let me know when you will be sending me the information for  your hib visa ?  thanks  margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001  12 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret daffin  04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 04 pm  to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron  cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona  perkins / enron @ enronxgate  subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman  sevil : in order that we may proceed with your request for permanent  residency , our immigration attorneys have advised us that we need to process  the hib visa , prior to the permanent residency application .  therefore , i am attaching an hib visa questionnaire that i would like you to  complete and return to me , together with copies of all of the documents  listed at the bottom of the form .  please bring these to me in 3 ac 2026 a .  please let me know if you have any questions at x 55083 .  thank you  margaret",0
1649,"Subject: vacation  goodmorning ,  i will be out of the office on  vacation for the next few days .  thanks  kevin moore  see you when i return .",0
5365,"Subject: rdi conference - may 17 - 19 , 2000  hi ,  i ' d like to make a personal invitation to you to attend rdi ' s annual user  conference at torrey pines in la jolla , just north of san diego . we are  planning two sessions for gpcm users ( and prospective users ) which i think  you will find very interesting and useful . plus we are also going to  schedule individual sessions for those that would like them , as was quite  successful last year . the details are included in the attached word file  below . i ' ve also included the program in pdf format . the last page is a  signup form you can fill out and fax in to rdi if you haven ' t already done  so .  please let me and mike know how many are coming from your team . you can  reply to this e - mail to let us know .  looking forward to seeing you there .  i think it ' s going to be fun .  bob brooks  mike farina  - rdi _ conference _ gpcm _ breakout . doc  - rdi user conf . pdf",0
5615,"Subject: important : mountain top meetings scheduled for next week  fyi .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 06 / 00 12 : 46  pm - - - - -  jeanette busse  03 / 01 / 00 03 : 02 pm  to : dayne relihan / enron communications @ enron communications , dorn  hetzel / enron communications @ enron communications , jeanette busse / enron  communications @ enron communications , jim irvine / enron communications @ enron  communications , john bloomer / enron communications @ enron communications , john  griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , kelly williams / enron  communications @ enron communications , kenny burroughs / enron  communications @ enron communications , kevin kohnstamm / enron  communications @ enron communications , laura beneville / enron  communications @ enron communications , phil sisneros / enron communications @ enron  communications , ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications ,  rob kolosvary / enron communications @ enron communications , scott smith / enron  communications @ enron communications , steve elliott / enron communications @ enron  communications , steve mcnear / enron communications @ enron communications , tom  huntington / enron communications @ enron communications , rebecca lynch / enron  communications @ enron communications , david cox / enron communications @ enron  communications , kenton erwin / enron communications @ enron communications  cc : john griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , sheryl  lara / enron communications @ enron communications , nicole gilson / enron  communications @ enron communications , jennifer adams / enron  communications @ enron communications  subject : important : mountain top meetings scheduled for next week  team ,  john griebling requests the following individuals return to the omni hotel at  interlocken in broomfield , co for mountain top meetings to begin at 12 : 00 pm  ( noon ) on march 7 th in the mountain top suite # 1139 . . please be prepared to  stay in broomfield co at the omni hotel through march 10 th , 3 : 00 pm .  the mountain top teams are assembled as follows :  required technical team attendance required contract negotiation team  laura beneville steve elliott  kenny burroughs john griebling  jim irvine tom huntington  dayne relihan kenton erwin  phil sisneros  rebecca lynch ( new team member ) contract negotiation team ( attendance  requested )  jeanette busse david cox  scott smith dorn hetzel  ravi thuraisingham  rob kolosvary  kelly williams ( approved by kenny burroughs )  please let me know if you have any questions , i can be reached on my cell  phone at 503 - 887 - 6397 .  best regards ,  jeanette  jeanette a . busse  project manager , strategic alliances  enron broadband services , inc . ( formerly enron communications )  2100 sw river parkway , suite 600  portland , or 97201  office : 503 . 886 . 0214 fax : 503 . 886 . 0434  email : jeanette _ busse @ enron . net",0
4360,Subject: vacation carry - over report  the vacation carry - over report is due to payroll by the end of this week .  below are the days that the system shows for your carry over . please let  me know if this is correct as soon as possible .  vince kaminski 40 . 00 hours  stephen bennett 30 . 00 hours  anita dupont 14 . 00 hours  seksan kiatsupaibul 20 . 00 hours  sandeep kohli 40 . 00 hours  kate lucas 40 . 00 hours  youyi feng 36 . 00 hours  shane green 40 . 00 hours  jose marquez 40 . 00 hours  kevin moore 13 . 00 hours  mike roberts 40 . 00 hours  sam smith 10 . 50 hours  hector campos 40 . 00 hours  rabi de 10 . 00 hours  shalesh ganjoo 40 . 00 hours  paulo issler 40 . 00 hours  martin lin 40 . 00 hours  zimin lu 40 . 00 hours  kenneth parkhill 10 . 00 hours  roman zadorozhny 40 . 00 hours  joe hrgovcic 40 . 00 hours  nelson neale 10 . 00 hours  vasant shanbhogue 28 . 00 hours  lance cunningham - 4 . 00 hours  tom halliburton 14 . 00 hours  alex huang 40 . 00 hours  praveen mellacheruvu 14 . 00 hours  jason sokolov 8 . 32 hours  tanya tamarchenko 40 . 00 hours  sevil yaman 13 . 32 hours  thanks !  shirley,0
2718,"Subject: new site ' s url  thank you all in advance for contributing to enron research site !  here is the new site ' s url : http : / / enaresearch . dev . corp . enron . com  when system requests login and password , please use the login and the  password that you use to login into the enron network .  please send me your comments and suggestion , so that they will be  incorporated into the site .  sincerely , elena  elena chilkina  713 - 853 - 4503",0
4465,"Subject: re : tanya ' s vacation  everybody ,  fyi : i will be out tomorrow 3 / 10 / 00 and all next week ( 3 / 13 - 3 / 17 ) on vacation .  grant and vincent can handle urgent matters while i am away .  tanya .",0
1095,"Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good  catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding webslte  wiil make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your  company wiil automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
3284,"Subject: confirming your attendance - oct . 19 / 20 - wharton  vince ,  we are delighted that you , christie ( and possibly mark palmer ) will be  attending our upcoming wharton impact conference on october 19 - 20 . the  final agenda is enclosed ( below ) - please note - unless we hear otherwise  from you , we will assume that you will be attending both the dinner on oct .  19 and the conference on oct . 20 .  this very timely event has generated enormous interest . we look forward to  your participation , and hope you will find this to be a valuable  insight - building experience .  please call or e - mail if you have any questions about any aspect of the  conference .  also - i ' ll look forward to hearing some stories of your exploits during  your recent trip to poland . must have been extremely interesting !  best regards ,  michael tomczyk  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  winners and losers in the e - commerce shakeout  thurs . oct . 19 ( dinner ) and fri . oct . 20 ( conference )  agenda  winners and losers in the e - commerce shakeout  thursday , october 19 , 2000 ( dinner )  friday , october 20 ( conference )  the wharton school - philadelphia , pa  jointly sponsored by the  william and phyllis mack center on managing technological innovation ,  wharton school  marketing science institute  wharton e - business initiative ( webi )  conference themes & objectives  e - commerce is heading inextricably and rapidly toward an inevitable  shakeout and consolidation that tends to characterize every major new  industry . this impact conference bringstogether a distinguished group of  industry and academic leaders to discuss what is required to survive the  e - commerce shakeout , and what it takes to be a "" winner "" when the shakeout  hits , full - force .  shakeouts are spawned in the boom - and - bust environment of hot emerging  markets . an unsustainable glut of competitors is attacted by the  contagious enthusiasm for the emerging technology . as competition  intensifies and falling prices put pressure on margins there is a wave of  ailures and mergers that removes the weaker players .  few ecommerce markets - - whether e - tailing online exchanges or others - - - will  be exempted from the forces that cause shakeouts . this conference will  combine lessons from markets that have experienced shakeouts , with the  latest thinking about the unique features of e - commerce , to identify  successful strategies for surviving a shakeout .  questions to be addressed include :  - are the patterns seen in previous shakeouts of high technology markets  applicable to ecommerce ? what are the early warning signs of an impending  shakeout ?  - which ecommerce markets are most susceptible to a shakeout ? will there  be single or multiple winners ?  - which companies are likely to survive ? what strategies will the winners  use ?  there is controversy and uncertainty about which factors will most  contribute to prospects for survival . how important are first mover  advantages and building brand equity ? what do incumbents have to do to  prevail ? which business models are most robust ? how important is the  ability to manage strategic partnerships ?  these issues will be addressed with a program that encourages active  dialogue and interaction and includes speakers from industry , academia and  wall street .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  agenda  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  dinner co - author of the best - selling books net  gain and net worth )  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  conference - riday , october 20  8 : 00 - 8 : 30 a  continental breakfast and  david reibstein , woodside prof . of marketing , wharton school and director ,  marketing science institute )  11 : 30 - 12 : 15 p  technology investing , 15 things that should be true  ( stephen j . andriole , senior vice president and chief technology officer ,  safeguard scientifics )  12 : 15 - 1 : 30  working lunch  participants will work in small groups . half the group will be asked to  select an ecommerce firm with a strong likelihood of winning and identify  the most important reasons for success ; the other half will be asked to do  the same for a firm that is likely to fail .  1 : 30 - 2 : 15  small group reports  2 : 15 - 3 : 00  finding a winning strategy  ( norman drapeau , chief executive officer of mro . com )  3 : 00 - 3 : 15 break  3 : 15 - 4 : 00  living through a consolidation  ( harry smilow , previously chief executive officer of telebank which is now  part of e * trade )  4 : 00 - 4 : 45  a view from wall street  ( henry blodget , first vice president and senior internet / e - commerce  analyst , merrill lynch )  4 : 45 - 5 : 00  sum up - what have we learned ? what do we need to learn ?  5 : 00 adjourn  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  directions to the event & accommodations :  the dinner will be held at the inn at penn which is located at 3600 sansom  street . there is also an entrance on walnut street between 36 h and 37 th .  the conference will be held in steinberg - dietrich hall which is located on  locust walk on the wharton campus in philadelphia . from the airport or  train station take a taxi to the intersection of 37 th street and walnut ,  walk left onto the campus ( there is a broad paved walkway leading into the  campus from that intersection ) . at the first intersection you will see a  life sized bronze status of ben franklin sitting on a park bench reading a  newspaper . turn left at this intersection and steinberg - dietrich hall is  the first building on the right . there is a broad entrance with several  doors . also , any student can direct you to this building . go inside and  take the staircase down to the right - - room 350 is on the lower ( basement )  level .  accommodations  overnight accommodations are available at the inn at penn which is across  the street from the campus ( tel 215 - 222 - 0200 - mention you are here for  the emerging tech conference on e - commerce shakeouts , to receive the  $ 164 / night wharton room rate ) . please make your reservations early because  the inn is often fully booked . we have reserved a set of rooms for this  event .  if you stay at another hotel in center city , most hotels ( rittenhouse ,  latham , ritz carlton ) are approximately 15 minutes by taxi from the campus .  there is also a sheraton approximately 3 blocks from the campus , on  chestnut st .  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129  website : http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu",0
5404,"Subject: dba administrator  cecil ,  i ' ve spoken with charlene just now and she sounds very helpful .  can you give her a call tomorrow morning to iron out exactly how  you want to access the enpower data base ? i ' ve left your name  with her so she ' s expecting your call .  best ,  alex  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 13 pm  to : michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect  cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : dba administrator  michelle ,  the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker ,  5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve .  i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level  of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable  time .  vince",0
2276,"Subject: re : houston trip  i extended the rental on the apartment until the 20 th of november .  shirley  vince j kaminski  10 / 30 / 2000 01 : 31 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : houston trip  shirley ,  i hope it ' s ok with the apartment company .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000  01 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : sharad agnihotri 10 / 30 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : houston trip  hi all ,  i am hoping to come to houston from the 5 th to the 17 th of november .  sorry about the short notice .  looking forward to seeing you .  sharad agnihotri",0
2889,"Subject: re : option pricing challenge  zimin ,  to generalize your initial comment , for any process ds = mu ( s , t ) * s * dt +  sigma ( s , t ) * s * dz ,  the delta - hedging argument leads to the black - scholes pde .  this is true for any arbitrary functions mu and sigma , and so includes gbm ,  mean reversion , and others .  there is no problem with this , because in the risk - neutral world , which is  what you enter if you can hedge ,  the drift of the "" actual "" process is irrelevant .  i believe your concern is that you would like to see a different option price  for mean reversion process . this can only happen if the asset is not  hedgeable , and so the actual dynamics then need to be factored into the  option pricing . if you assume that the underlying is a non - traded factor ,  then the pde will have to reflect the market price of risk , and the drift of  the actual process is then reflected in the pde .  vasant  zimin lu  10 / 17 / 2000 05 : 20 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant  shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : option pricing challenge  dear all ,  i have a fundamental question back in my mind since 95 . hope you can give  me a convincing answer .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  in deriving bs differential equation , we assume the underlying follows gbm  ds = mu * s * dt + sigma * s * dz  where mu is the drift , sigma is the volatility , both can be a function of s .  then we use delta hedging argument , we obtain the bs differential equation  for the option price , regardless  of mu .  with the bs pde and boundary condition , we can derive bs formula . fine . no  problem .  question comes here . suppose the underlying is traded security and follows ,  say , mean - reverting process  ds = beta ( alpha - s ) dt + sigma * s * dz  apparantly , this sde leads to a different probability distribution . however ,  using the delta hedging argument ,  we still get the same bs differential equation , with the same boumdary  condition , we get the same bs formula .  not fair !  from another angle , i can derive the distribution from the bs pde for the  underlying , which is the lognormal distribution .  my thinking is : can i drive the distribution for any sde from the option pde  ? the answer should be yes , but got to be  from a different pde rather than bs pde . then what we do about the  delta - hedging argument ?  thanks .",0
1836,"Subject: i wanted to give you some feedback . elena chilkina has gone way above the  call of duty to help me on a very important research project . i am trying to  conduct some research on the global fuels market for jeff shankman . when i  mentioned this to elena , she was extraordinarily helpful in helping me  compile some very useful information on very short notice . she was able to  quickly define the scope of the project and gather some pertinent  information . because this was not one of her regular assignments , she put in  many extra hours to help us out on this project .  i just wanted to let you know about a job well done .  regards ,  craig",0
5243,"Subject: karthik rajan  shirley ,  we interviewed by phone karthik and would now like to bring him for a visit  to enron . can you either arrange it or forward to hr for them to arrange ,  whichever is best . while here karthik should probably talk with  zimin , paulo , bob , vasant , krishna , vince  and anyone else vince wants to add to the list .  thanks ,  stinson  his resume is attached below . his phone # is 765 494 2181 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001  03 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 39 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : phone interview with karthik  attached is karthik resume .  his transcript is in http : / / atom . ecn . purdue . edu / ~ krajan / friends /  login is : k _ rajan  password is : donl 23  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  02 / 28 / 2001 07 : 09 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : phone interview with karthik  please let me know if you guys available sometimes next tuesday or wednesday  late afternoon or evening .  zimin , karthik is a chem eng student at purdue . he found me from www and  contacted me for job opportunities . attached is his resume .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  02 / 28 / 2001 07 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" karthik rajan "" on 02 / 28 / 2001 09 : 41 : 56 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : opportunities in enron  hi chonawee supatgiat ,  nice to hear from you . next week would be ideal for me too . tuesday or  wednesday late afternoons / evenings would be ideal for me .  my number is 765 532 3182 .  looking forward to talking to you , stinson and zimin .  thanks ,  karthik .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : "" karthik rajan ""  sent : wednesday , february 28 , 2001 3 : 48 pm  subject : re : opportunities in enron  >  > hi karthik ,  > stinson , zimin , and i would like to speak with you over the phone . when  > will be a good time ? we are thinking about sometimes next week . stinson  > and zimin are also in the research group .  > - chonawee  >",0
5442,"Subject: day rates forward market  enclosed for your review is a draft copy of the four examples that i am  considering showing to aa as we request that they consider the chances of our  trading partners / customers receiving hedge treatment from trades such as  these . please review this writing , make suggestions and comments and either  email those changes back to me or fax them to me at 713 - 646 - 8416 . if you  would rather send your recommendations via courier , send them to eb 3585 b .  martin , please suggest wording for insurance products that meet the same  needs of the customer as the derivative examples . outline any significant  issues and send me those recommendations by thursday at noon if possible .  john",0
4898,"Subject: metals curves  hi maureen  i hope you ' re keeping well . london research has been asked to validate the  long - term copper ( and other ) forward curves being used by mg . clearly this  lies outside our domain of expertise ( being economics ) , so i ' ve referred tani  to you .  speak to you soon ,  steve",0
453,"Subject: amazingg  hello , welcome to ph unavoidable armonline sh breakneck op  - one of the l handful eading oniine pharmaceutical shops  bondman v  distinct g  a interrupter l  l herbalist l  distributary la  ensoul rac plagiary l  i stress s alkalimetry va  dislodge um  andmanyother .  - save over 5 malarial 0 %  - worldwide shlp impetuous plng  - total confidentia televiewer iity  - over locksman 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries  have a furnished nice day !",1
3885,"Subject: re : interview  steve ,  i submitted my evaluation . general impression was rather  negative : he seems to be a consultant type person  who speaks about everything with confidence but is short on depth  and technical details .  he is personable , outspoken , organized - on the positive  side .  also , the red flag is that he jumps from job to job : typical after  18 - 24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness .  vince  from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 03 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : interview  hi vince ,  what did you think of david hsu ?  my thoughts .  overall a good guy . personable . intelligent .  he could communicate reasonably well , but seemed to be capable of losing  objectivity in favour of technical advancement .  he didn ' t seem comfortable with taking a man - management role ( at least he  didn ' t want to be an ' administrator ' )  he appeared to know a lot about risk . ( in fact jay web called me to say he  felt david was one of the better risk guys he had seen but also commented  that he needed to be coupled with a project manager to be successfull ) .  regards  steve",0
4726,"Subject: spring 2001 schematic  spring 2001 faculty ,  the spring 2001 schematic has been posted to embanet . to access the  schematic please open the jgsm area icon on the embanet desktop . next  please open the announcement jgsm icon . you will find the spring 2001  schematic located under the subject column . please open the document . if  you do not have access to embanet you will need to speak with david kilgore  at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling david at 713 - 348 - 5378 .  thanks ,  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0
1282,Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . bfl  find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours !  is your spouse cheating online ?  are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ?  find out now ! - with big brother instant software download .  click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order !  to be excluded from future contacts please visit :  http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php  blee,1
2441,"Subject: re : genetic programming  todd ,  we have several members of the group who can help you . one of them is steve  leppard located  in london .  vince  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : genetic programming  vince -  i am with the ebs venture capital group . we are looking at evaluating an  investment in a company called widevine out of seattle . part of their value  proposition involves certain patents on genetic programming . are you familiar  with that ? if so , can i set a meeting with you and a few other members of my  group to discuss on tuesday or wednesday ?  todd van roten  enron broadband ventures  office : ( 713 ) 853 - 3850  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8010  cell : ( 713 ) 305 - 0110",0
4065,"Subject: re : eprm conferences  hi paul ,  ?  thanks for the e - mail . sorry i missed your calls this morning but i was at  the dentist , where its difficult to speak at the best of times !  ?  i ' m sorry but it doesn ' t look like we will be able to commit to ? the eprm var  conference . we are still a small company and the trip would tie us up for  over a week . i ' m sure you ' ll understand that internally we just can ' t  justify ? the two senior members of the company ? to be away on eprm business  and to have to pay money from our own pocket ? to run this course for you . it  was a difficult decision originally to ? offer our services at expenses only  with no fee , but we did so for the potential opportunity to work some more  with vince .  ?  good luck in your search for alternative course leaders .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  ?  dr chris strickland  ?  director , lacima group ltd  www . lacimagroup . com  ?  school of finance and economics , university of technology , sydney  financial options research centre , university of warwick , uk  ?  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : paul bristow  to : chris @ lacimagroup . com  sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 8 : 13 am  subject : fw : eprm conferences  hi chris ,  ?  just an extra note regarding the course . if the reimbursements are suitable  i would like to finalise the line - up asap ( vince and a european enron  representative ) . if you were unable to participate i would need to offer  alternative invitations by the end of this week .  ?  all the best ,  ?  paul ? ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : paul bristow [ mailto : pbristow @ riskwaters . com ]  sent : wednesday , february 21 , 2001 9 : 13 am  to : ' chris strickland '  subject : re : eprm conferences  hi chris ,  ?  i ' ve been looking at the forward plan and the total budget for speaker  expenses is 5500 pounds ( us keyboard , no pound sign ) . at current exchange  rates this comes to a little over 15 , 000 australian dollars . i would be  happy to cover your expenses up to this figure .  ?  the course is scheduled to run in amsterdam ( not london as originally  planned ) and houston . the dates are slightly flexible ? to ? work with your  travel schedules . for instance , would you prefer to travel to  sydney - houston - amsterdam - sydney , or in the opposite direction ?  ?  if you could contact me to ? let me know if this would ? enable you to commit  to the course , i would be delighted to forward the notes from the research .  i would plan to then work on the outline until march lst . i look forward to  speaking with you soon .  ?  best wishes ,  ?  paul bristow ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chris strickland [ mailto : chris @ lacimagroup . com ]  sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 5 : 18 pm  to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com  subject : re : eprm conferences  hi paul ,  ?  bit of a busy morning here - i ' ll be out for about 1 . 5 hrs ( 9 . 15 sydney  time ) . if we don ' t catch up today , i ' ll call tomorrow .  ?  chris .  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : paul bristow  to : ' chris strickland '  sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 1 : 33 am  subject : re : eprm conferences  hi chris ,  ?  i would like to confirm the dates of some of the forthcoming eprm events :  ?  effective var and stress testing techniques for the us energy industry . this  event will run on the 21 & 22 may in london and the 28 & 29 may in houston .  michele du berry ( director of conferences ) and i are looking at how we have  structured the training courses and are keen to present a different outline  than on previous courses . i would like to run this event with 2 - 3 trainers  per venue , rather than with 7 - 8 as we have done in the past . if you and les  clewlow would be interested in leading this course ( possible with vince  kaminski ) i would be delighted to discuss the event in greater detail .  ?  energy & power risk management , europe . our largest annual european event is  scheduled to between september 19 - 21 . victoria kerridge will be producing  this event from the london office and will be starting research in two  weeks . i am going to be providing her with a brief and will ensure that she  has your contact details .  ?  i have also been finalizing the details for the annual energy & power risk  management event in houston . this will take place on may 14 th & 15 th and is  close to completion . i would be happy to provide you with more details ,  without potentially running the risk of overloading your schedule with a  number of events in a short space of time ( var and eprm , houston ) . my  priority is to secure trainers for our var course .  ?  if you would be interested in any of the events listed , i would be happy to  talk with you this week . my direct line is 212 925 6990 , extension 225 .  ?  best wishes ,  ?  paul bristow  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chris strickland [ mailto : chris @ lacimagroup . com ]  sent : sunday , january 28 , 2001 8 : 02 pm  to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com  subject : eprm conferences  hi paul ,  ?  just a note so that you have my address . do you have dates for the us and  european conferences yet ? i ' m sure that we can arrange other work at the  same time to offset the expenses of speaking at these events if you want us  to participate .  ?  you also mentioned a training course on var and the energy area . we had an  eprm article last year with vince on a comparison of the different  techniques on a trial portfolio that might form the basis of something  useful . anyway , let me know .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  ?  ?  ?",0
4362,"Subject: re : internship  shane ,  monday would work for us .  my assistant will contact you wednesday to arrange the interviews .  vince  "" shane green "" on 06 / 30 / 2000 11 : 33 : 53 am  to :  cc :  subject : internship  dr . kaminski :  ?  i just wanted to touch base and see if i needed to snail mail a copy of my  resume or get in touch with anyone else over at enron . ?  ?  the finance department at lsu will be sending out financial award letters to  new ph . d . students before long , and my interning at enron would free up some  additional departmental funds . ? in addition , if i will be here in baton  rouge during the fall , i will need to pay my tuition next month . ? i am able  to pursue an internship in large part because of the department ' s  cooperation and assurance that when i return i will still have a research and  or teaching assistantship to help fund the completion of ph . d . ? i have been  told that such cooperation and assurances are rare at lsu , so i am trying to  rock the boat as little as possible .  ?  i realize until i receive an offer from enron my internship ( i say  internship rather than sabbatical because lsu will not continue to pay me my  stipend while i am away ) is not assured until an offer has been extended by  enron . ? i understand that there are procedures ? and protocols that must be  followed before this occurs , and i would be willing to do whatever is  necessary to move to the next step in that process .  ?  i will be in houston on july 8 & 9 for my wife ' s grandmother ' s 80 th  birthday . ? if it would be convenient , i could be in town ? on the preceding  friday , or following monday for a visit and / or interview . ? if not , given the  relatively close proximity between baton rouge and houston , i would be happy  to come at another time .  ?  thanks again ,  shane green  ?",0
882,"Subject: greatly improve your stamina  you ' ve seen our pills on tv , in your local health stores , and on the web ,  and the question you have been asking yourself is - do they really work ? the  answer is yes !  forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please  her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience  more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse .  86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more  ' full ' sexually .  check out the only male  enhancement formula with a free dvd  i ' m 67 years old . i was very wary of putting my details on the internet ,  but i am very pleased that it worked out for me . your product arrived only 2  days after i placed the order , and the packaging was very discreet , which  was perfect for me . i was shocked at how quickly the pills took effect , and  i did attempt the exercises as well , which i found simple and easy to  understand . i now have loads of energy , and feel like a new man . i can ' t  thank you enough ! ronald , phoenix  i am busy , no thank you , go above  but here is something of still greater interest , continued rob , and taking  the automatic record of events from his pocket he allowed the professor to  view the remarkable scenes that were being enacted throughout the civilized  world . the frenchman was now trembling violently , and he implored rob to  tell him where he might obtain similar electrical machines  i can ' t do that , replied the boy , decidedly ; but , having seen these , you  may be able to discover their construction for yourself ",1
402,Subject: downloadable software  http : / / rosary . realoemsales . com / ? a = 3107,1
3635,"Subject: re : sevil yaman  great ! let me know how she performs .  at 02 : 54 am 2 / 23 / 2000 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  >  > hi michelle ,  >  > thanks for your input . we are moving ahead to offer sevil a summer  > internship with us .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  > michelle michot foss on 02 / 21 / 2000 05 : 29 : 36 pm  >  > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > cc :  > subject : sevil yaman  >  >  >  > hi - - one of the ph . d . - econ students over here , sevil yaman , has been  > talking with you . she ' s interested in a summer internship that will help  > her "" ground "" her dissertation . with our help , sevil has become totally  > corrupted ( ! ) . i have successfully impacted her view of the world re .  > academic economics v . industry . she would like her diss to be as relevant  > as possible , and with that in mind already moved from a pure electricity  > transmission pricing topic to focusing more on congestion management and  > trying to address practical market problems . she has in mind to work in  > industry when her degree is finished . i recommend her to you highly . she  > is extremely bright and competent , needs some guidance and input to get  > going in the right direction to finish up . talk soon - -  >  > michelle  > * * * * * * * * * *  > "" this e - mail contains information which is privileged , confidential and  > protected  > from disclosure . please do not disclose the contents or take copies without  > contacting us first . thank you . ""  >  > michelle michot foss , ph . d .  > director , energy institute  > college of business administration  > university of houston  > houston , tx 77204 - 6283  > tel : 713 - 743 - 4634  > fax : 713 - 743 - 4881  > please note our new email addresses !  > e - mail : mmfoss @ uh . edu  > web : http : / / www . uh . edu / energyinstitute /  >  >  >  >  >  * * * * * * * * * *  "" this e - mail contains information which is privileged , confidential and  protected  from disclosure . please do not disclose the contents or take copies without  contacting us first . thank you . ""  michelle michot foss , ph . d .  director , energy institute  college of business administration  university of houston  houston , tx 77204 - 6283  tel : 713 - 743 - 4634  fax : 713 - 743 - 4881  please note our new email addresses !  e - mail : mmfoss @ uh . edu  web : http : / / www . uh . edu / energyinstitute /",0
2019,"Subject: damages limitations  bill and vince , please see the attached memorandum . vince , this relates to  what we briefly spoke about during our recent meeting .  cheryl , can you set up a meeting for bill , vince and i to meet and discuss ?  thanks .  rz",0
1546,"Subject: re : final pivot table for mg metals globals positions data  dear all ,  please see attached spreadsheet - we will have to think of a way to automate  the position update - right now it ' s a manual process to convert the text  file that andreas sends us to proper spreadsheet format and then pivot table  the results - only takes about 20 minutes to do this however . note that the  version la var model links via vlookup to the spreadsheet attached ( as you  know , we have to use vlookup because mg does not necessarily have positions  in all forward months , whilst the pivot table only produces numbers for  forward months with a position ) .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  positions as of 19 th july  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 20 : 41  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 17  to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , grant  masson / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron  subject : re : positions data  our pivot table ; we noticed that copper position for 19 th july has option  included but this is not reported in mercur - i guess we should include the  5 , 248 tonnes for the copper option for 2000 . 09 , but we won ' t show any gamma .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 18  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : anjam ahmad 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 14  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron  subject : re : positions data  hi tanya ,  we are using the data for 19 th july from andreas - see file attached . we are  using this because we can reconcile to mercur print out that we got from  andreas last wednesday . if you don ' t mind , perhaps cantekin can try again  with this new sheet attached . we already looked at it , but would like to see  what cantekin can come up with independently . i think the positions changed  a lot from 3 rd july ( your data ) to 19 th july .  thanks ,  anjam & kirstee",0
147,"Subject: looking for good it team ? we do software engineering !  looklng for a good lt team ?  there can be many reasons for hiring a professional  lt team . . .  - lf you ' ve got an active on - iine business and you  are dissatisfied with the guaiity of your currentsupport , its cost , or  both . . .  - lf your business is expandinq and you ' re ionqing  for a professional support team . . .  - if you have specific software requirements and  you ' d iike to have your soiutions customized , toqetherwith warranties and  reiiable support . . .  - lf you have the perfect business idea and want to  make it a reaiity . . .  - if your project has stalled due to lack of  additional resources . . .  - if you need an independent team for benchmarking ,  optimization , quality assurance . . .  if you ' re looking for  a truly professional team , we are at your service ! just visit our  website  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
3150,"Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference  that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys .  see ya !  john  at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of  > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on  > the last 8 years he spent at enron .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : 2001 fma european conference  >  >  > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files .  >  > john  >  > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500  > > from : karen wright  > > subject : 2001 fma european conference  > > to : kwright @ fma . org  > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i )  > > x - accept - language : en , pdf  > >  > > 2001 fma european conference  > >  > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management  > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at  > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european  > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in  > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting  > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management ,  > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics .  > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in  > > addition to research paper presentations .  > >  > > paper submissions  > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper  > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these  > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem ,  > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research  > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the  > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to  > > present new and unpublished research .  > >  > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european  > > conference .  > >  > > submissions . please follow these steps :  > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at  > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the  > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code  > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal .  > >  > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed  > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association ,  > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa  > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) .  > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma  > > european conference review process .  > >  > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 .  > >  > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within  > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of  > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 .  > >  > > competitive paper awards  > > the financial management association international is pleased to  > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction  > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the "" young scholars "" award will  > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or  > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional  > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed "" best of the best ""  > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper  > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in  > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a  > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final .  > >  > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper  > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is  > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to  > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are  > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned  > > fma program session .  > >  > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for  > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are  > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at  > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a  > > session or discuss a paper .  > >  > > program co - chairs  > >  > > francois degeorge  > > hec paris  > > 1 rue de la lib , ration  > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex  > > france  > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph )  > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax )  > > degeorge @ hec . fr  > >  > > kent womack  > > dartmouth college  > > amos tuck school  > > hanover , nh 03755  > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph )  > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax )  > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu  > >  > > additional opportunities for participation  > >  > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the  > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a  > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded  > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office  > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march ,  > > 2001 .  > >  > > deadline summary  > >  > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000  > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000  > >  > >  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0
2675,"Subject: request for natural gas technical analysis  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patricia tlapek / hou / ect on 09 / 03 / 2000  10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tim mckone @ enron  08 / 30 / 2000 10 : 21 am  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , anna santucci / na / enron @ enron  subject : request for natural gas technical analysis  hello mike ,  i work in rodney malcolm ' s commercial transaction group , focusing on  developing energy management relationships with large volume industrial  energy consumers . due to the volatility and high price levels of the natural  gas contract , these consumers of natural gas are extremely concerned about  this exposure , and they are asking for our assistance in helping them manage  this exposure . one of the tools that these customers are requesting is  technical analysis of the natural gas contract so as to determine entry  points for their hedges .  to the extent you could assist us with this analysis , we can proactively  meet these customer requests and increase our deal flow .  please advise as to the availability of your assistance .  thank you , tim",0
2224,"Subject: 2 nd message - re : dec 2 super saturday interviewer confirmation  please see the attached for interviewer information .  shelly jones  11 / 28 / 2000 05 : 54 pm  to : scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , tim mckone / corp / enron @ enron , richard  dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , brandon  neff / hou / ees @ ees , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , guido  caranti / enron _ development @ enron _ development , robert bailey / hou / ees @ ees , dixie  yeck / enron communications @ enron communications , cheryl lipshutz / hou / ect @ ect ,  john godbold / hou / ect @ ect , chuck randall / hou / ees @ ees , michelle  juden / hou / ees @ ees , mark reese / hou / ees @ ees , jim fallon / enron  communications @ enron communications , sarah wesner / corp / enron @ enron , sylvia  barnes / hou / ees @ ees , kirk neuner / enron communications @ enron communications ,  mari capestany / hou / ees @ ees , wayne perry / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  john neslage / enron _ development @ enron _ development , fred lagrasta / hou / ect @ ect ,  bani arora / hou / ees @ ees , jonathan risch / hou / ees @ ees , heather  kroll / hou / ect @ ect , brad romine / na / enron @ enron , julia kazibwe / hou / ees @ ees ,  thomas rich / fgt / enron @ enron , mark smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kathy m lynn / corp / enron @ enron , stephen stenhouse / enron  communications @ enron communications , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , jim  meyn / na / enron @ enron , donald reid / enron @ gateway , ken gustafson / hou / ees @ ees ,  daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sue foust / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca serwin / corp / enron @ enron , crissy  collett / enron communications @ enron communications , sonia  guerra / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mary lou  browder / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mary lou  browder / enron _ development @ enron _ development , adriana cortes / hou / ect @ ect ,  leticia botello / hou / ees @ ees , paula pierre / enron communications @ enron  communications , theresa davis / hou / ect @ ect , kelly lacalli / hou / ees @ ees , lily  guerra / hou / ees @ ees , lucy marshall / enron communications @ enron communications ,  amy rios / hou / ect @ ect , karen street / hou / ees @ ees , cindy long / corp / enron @ enron ,  becky young / na / enron @ enron , marcia a linton / na / enron @ enron , claudette  harvey / hou / ect @ ect , brenda flores - cuellar / na / enron @ enron , valerie  villareal / hou / ees @ ees , becky young / na / enron @ enron , amy  flores / corp / enron @ enron , sally slaughter / enron communications @ enron  communications , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , chaun roberts / na / enron @ enron , terri  bachand / enron communications @ enron communications , angie collins / hou / ect @ ect  subject : dec 2 super saturday interviewer confirmation  please see the attached .  this is a confirmation for saturday interviews only . if you volunteered for  friday night dinner as well , notification will be sent via email by end of  work day wednesday regarding your friday night dinner participation .  please feel free to contact me with any questions .  thank you  shelly jones  ext . 3 - 0943",0
2901,"Subject: re : hib visa application - sevil yaman  margaret ,  thanks for reminding me this issue . i think i ' ll be fine until i start full  time here in the research group . as you know right now i am using curricular  practical training as work permission . and until i graduate i am allowed do  as many as part time cpt i want to do . because of tax purposes i think i ' ll  use this right given to me . in this case , what i need to do is that after i  and vince make sure about my full time start date ( this may happen in the  beginning of 2002 ) , i ' ll let you know and send you the necessary document you  require to initiate my hlb visa application process . thanks again .  sevil ,  margaret daffin @ ect  25 - 04 - 2001 12 : 04  to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron  cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona  perkins / enron @ enronxgate  subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman  sevil : please let me know when you will be sending me the information for  your hib visa ?  thanks  margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001  12 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret daffin  04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 04 pm  to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron  cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona  perkins / enron @ enronxgate  subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman  sevil : in order that we may proceed with your request for permanent  residency , our immigration attorneys have advised us that we need to process  the hib visa , prior to the permanent residency application .  therefore , i am attaching an hib visa questionnaire that i would like you to  complete and return to me , together with copies of all of the documents  listed at the bottom of the form .  please bring these to me in 3 ac 2026 a .  please let me know if you have any questions at x 55083 .  thank you  margaret",0
1989,"Subject: var update memo  hi grant ,  as requested i have sent a quick summary document giving an up - to - date  description of the var model .  i may well have missed some points but cantekin has worked closely with me on  any changes so it is worth  consulting him on any details i have missed .  thanks  kirstee",0
2616,"Subject: re : question  will do .  john  at 11 : 15 am 2 / 15 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > i think it ' s a good idea . please , go ahead and call  > him directly .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 02 / 13 / 2001 06 : 12 : 48 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : question  >  >  > vince ,  >  > what do you think about asking andy fastow to come to the texas finance  > festival this april as our luncheon speaker ? if you agree i ' ll go ahead  > and call him . if you have an opportunity to speak with him about the  > conference that would be great . the date is april 21 st ( that ' s a  > saturday ) .  >  > hope you are enjoying ny . shirley tells me that you ' re running up your  > frequent flyer miles again .  >  > your friend ,  >  > john  >  > > date : tue , 13 feb 2001 17 : 29 : 42 - 0600  > > from : sheridan titman  > > subject : re : oops  > > x - sender : titman @ mail . utexas . edu  > > to : "" john d . martin ""  > > x - mailer : windows eudora light version 3 . 0 . 1 ( 32 )  > >  > > john :  > >  > > i like your enron article . i will assign it to my students . do you think  > > we can get the cfo for the tff ? i saw that he is making a presentation to  > > a conference of cfos in dallas about capital structure .  > >  > > sheridan  > >  > > at 09 : 15 am 2 / 7 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > john d . martin  > > > carr p . collins chair in finance  > > > finance department  > > > baylor university  > > > po box 98004  > > > waco , tx 76798  > > > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > > > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > > > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > > > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  > > sheridan titman  > > department of finance  > > college of business administration  > > university of texas  > > austin , texas 78712 - 1179  > >  > > 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  > > 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  > >  > > titman @ mail . utexas . edu  > >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0
4047,"Subject: java for managers ! ! !  vince ,  durasoft ( who just taught the java class for our group ) offers a 3 - day short  course in java for managers . details are below , if you are interested .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001  12 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" siva thiagarajan "" on 04 / 16 / 2001 11 : 25 : 50 am  please respond to "" siva thiagarajan ""  to :  cc :  subject : java for managers ! ! !  hi stinson ,  ?  thanks for meeting with us on thursday . ? we enjoyed  talking with you .  ?  as per our discussion , i have attached the course  outline of java for managers along with this email .  after our conversation with you we think this course  may be a little bit heavy for your group . ? but we can definetly  take it down to concepts level and make it appropriate for  our audience . ? please review and let me know , if this  course would be of value to you . ? this is a 3 day course  and costs $ 11 , 000 ( maximum of 15 students ) .  ?  regards ,  ?  - siva  - oojavaformanagers . doc",0
4425,"Subject: re : software  hi helyette ,  congratulations on your papers .  the purchase contract is in the last stage of approvals  ( it ' s circulating through different parts of the company  where it has to be signed ) . i think we should be able to execute  the contract in the first few days of december .  i shall let you know as soon as our internal process is completed .  vince  gemanix @ aol . com on 11 / 29 / 2000 02 : 26 : 12 pm  to : vkaminski @ aol . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com  subject : software  dear vince ,  i guess time has been flying for you by since our brilliant show  in paris . in my case , it is the same : i got 3 papers accepted in the  3 major journals in finance ( journal of business , journal of finance  and journal of financial economics ) . we should write a piece !  our software seems to be quite satisfactory for the oil people . my  lawyer had added a paragraph to karla ' s document : since she had  mentioned the right for enron to check at any time the code source  etc , he wanted to request enron to pay his fees in the case d - g  disappeared . in any case , if you are still interested , we are ready to  use your escrow account to make things simpler . moreover , i am  striking an agreement with a software company , 13 years with  people from polytechnique + finance , to be our hot line ( with us paying  royalties , of course ) . this would complement my 2 associates .  looking forward to hearing from you  helyette",0
2747,"Subject: re : petrochem desk  yes , i will have kate get involved and talk to christian to get details .  vasant  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 9 : 29 am  to : shanbhogue , vasant  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : petrochem desk  vasant ,  it seems we have to help them . can kate help  on this project ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001  09 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nelson neale @ enron  04 / 20 / 2001 10 : 29 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate  cc :  subject : petrochem desk  i had a chance to speak with christian lebroc this morning with regard to  curve building for petrochemicals . as it turns out , christian left rac in  april and joined the petrochem desk as a trader . previous efforts at  construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or  swags . unfortunately , the group had a rough p & l year with at least some of  the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof . when asked  about the fundamentals group , christian indicated that they ' d only been  around about 3 - 4 months and are not yet well - suited to curve building . john  nowlan is indeed the head of the group .  from a timing perspective , i told christian that it would probably take at  least 6 - 8 weeks to develop a curve , especially considering the need to  understand the key market drivers / fundamentals . as was suggested yesterday  during our meeting , a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a nymex  component ( e . g . , crude oil ) would provide a great beginning point - - we could  then potentially strengthen / augment this relationship with other key factors  ( e . g . , supply and demand terms ) borne out of our market research .  nelson",0
2567,Subject: this  hurricane elana ,0
4227,"Subject: timesheets  hello all :  i am afraid i did not allow enough time to do the time sheets by asking for  them by the 15 th and 31 st . i really need these sheets by the 13 th and 28 th  of each month as it takes a good half day to enter all the new times in the  time sheets .  i am resending this , because as of now i have received very few timesheets  and i really need to start imputting the time .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000  11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect ,  tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alexios  kollaros / hou / ees @ ees , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect ,  osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , patricia  tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron ,  alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g  moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron , yanna crystal / corp / enron @ enron , jose  marquez / corp / enron @ enron , samer takriti / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee  supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom  halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , cantekin  dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , brad aimone / na / enron @ enron , datren  williams / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya  tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , ainsley  gaddis / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , guiseppe  paleologo / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , anita  dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles  weldon / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : timesheets  hello everyone :  well it is almost that time again ! i am going to try something different . i  am  forwarding you the time sheet by email . save the document to whatever  drive you want to and then fill out any off duty time or overtime that you  had  and return to me by email . i will need this by the 15 and 30 ( or 31 st ) of  each  month .  this may work better than hand delivering .  let me know what you think .",0
4090,"Subject: re : lawyer  sorry to hear this - i have generally shared my materials with colleagues  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 6 : 21 am  to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in responding to you .  i am currently in london , flying back to houston tomorrow .  the problem is not with the lawyers . we worked on our presentation  materials together with a professor from another university  and we agreed to use these materials only internally .  we have to honor our commitment to him . i am sure  that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had  made a similar commitment to you .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 21 / 2001 04 : 31 : 27 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : lawyer  what do i need to do to move this thing forward ?  i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know  how to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it  were not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never  have a chance .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm  subject : re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  i have one challenge i did not anticipate  when i talked to you the first time about our real options  internal seminar .  the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor  from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding  the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the  materials  outside enron .  please , give me some time to find out if i can work  around this issue .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : lawyer  i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar  materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of  real  options with enron",0
852,Subject: the probblem solved  how to save on your medl prolocutor catlons over 60 % .  pharma nettle zmail shop - successfull and proven way to sav tombola e your m bandeaux oney .  fertile v  a lithesome g  methodology l  l filament u  revisionism l  r welshman a untrue cla  inelegant isv hatred al  aeronavigation m  andmanyother .  * bes sandstorm t prlces  * wor feathered ldwide shlpplng  * tota inspissate l confidentiaiity  * over 5 miliion cu euphonical stomers  have a nice day chipboard !,1
4206,"Subject: resume of mark giancola  attached is the resume of mark giancola . mark is the husband of penny pan , a  uva business school student for whom i was mentor last summer . penny has  received a permanent offer and is inclined to accept if her husband can find  suitable employment in houston . as you will see from his resume , mark has  worked as an economist in the public and private sectors for the past 2 . 5  years . mark is interested in a role where he can use his abilities to  analyze political , credit currency and related risks . please let me know if  you have any interest . thanks , rich  john : is there a place here in enroncredit . com ?  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  penny mentioned that you might have some ideas about job opportunities  in houston for someone with my background . as you know , penny was  pleased to receive an offer from enron and i plan to earnestly look into  the houston job market myself .  the weeks leading up to the annual imf / world bank meetings are one of  the busiest times of year for us , but now that they are over i have had a  chance to update my resume ( attached ) . i would be grateful if you  would take a look and pass it on to anyone you think might be interested .  as you will see , most of my background is policy related , and most  recently international economic policy . however the skills i have  developed have applicability in the private sector as well . for example , a  large part of my job at the treasury involves sovereign risk analysis .  two possible avenues i see for building on this knowledge are : 1 )  applying my knowledge to decisions regarding allocation of global  financial assets ; or 2 ) identifying risks facing a mutinational company and  developing strategies to reduce that risk .  i should mention that in addition to my economics training i do understand  basic finance , and i am preparing to begin the cfa . i should also note  that the work environment here at the treasury is quite fast paced , with  constant deadlines and a great deal of pressure placed on economists . i  tend to work 55 + hours per week so i do not expect i would need to  adjust signifiantly if i were to move to the private sector .  i greatly appreciate your taking the time to look at my resume and giving  some thought to where i might look . i welcome any comments and ideas  you might have .  thanks ,  mark giancola  p . s . the formatting on my resume seems to change whenever i e - mail it ;  let me know if you prefer that i fax it to you .  - resume 8 . doc",0
5441,"Subject: please note that the date for the lst meeting is january 16  shirley ,  please put it on my calendar .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2001  02 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jennifer burns  01 / 12 / 2001 12 : 46 pm  to : phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , john arnold / hou / ect @ ect , michael w  bradley / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , mike grigsby / hou / ect @ ect ,  adam gross / hou / ect @ ect , rogers herndon / hou / ect @ ect , john j  lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , kevin mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  fletcher j sturm / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , bill  white / na / enron @ enron  cc : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : please note that the date for the lst meeting is january 16  as mentioned during the fourth quarter , gary and i would like to begin  regular meetings of our trader ' s roundtable . the ideas generated from this  group should be longer term trading opportunities for enron covering the  markets we manage . in addition , this forum will provide for cross commodity  education , insight into many areas of enron ' s businesses , and promote  aggressive ideas .  each week , we ' ll summarize commodity trading activity , and provide an open  forum for discussion . your input is valuable , and we ' ve limited this group  to our most experienced traders , and would appreciate regular participation .  our first meeting will be tuesday , january 16 at 4 : 00 pm in eb 3321 .",0
956,"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miilions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1
4198,"Subject: news review update  the news review site , http : / / www . news - review . co . uk  home of weekend city press review , now offers registered users two new  features :  all registered users can now :  - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six - year  archive  - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster  access  to articles within the review and the archive which relate to those  companies  the best way to keep abreast of the weekend ' s financial news and views is to  receive an email copy of weekend city press review , either via the full  review ,  or the clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested .  registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week  subscription  to any of the services , including pdf delivery of the review , and the  clippings service .  to login please use this url :  ype = login  you can download this weekend ' s full review free of charge at  http : / / www . news - review . co . uk / freepdf . pdf from 8 pm uk time this sunday  your username for this service is vkaminski  if you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at  to remove yourself from this service please login and use the ' my profile '  option .  our ref wcprvl : vkaminski",0
1498,"Subject: merit and equity increases  norma ,  i am sending you an excel spreadsheet with proposed  merit and equity increases .  i have slightly exceeded the merit quota .  the equity increases address two issues : retention and  and an error in setting a salary at hiring ( i tend to be too stingy ) .  please , let me know if there are any questions .  i am forwarding a copy of the spreadsheet to my home address  so i can work on it tonight , if necessary .  vince",0
2701,"Subject: contact info  i will be in one of these two places - -  my home : 011 91 80 3312635  my in - laws ' home : 011 91 80 5262719  you can also contact me by email at vshanbh @ yahoo . com , but it is better to  call since i do not have easy access to a computer , and there may be a delay  with reading email .  vasant",0
3355,"Subject: aiesec  vince ,  my name is shelly jones , i am the analyst recruiting manager for the  associate / analyst program . christy young passed on information from the  university of houston aiesec program . due to the restructuring of the  associate / analyst program and the new policies regarding the interview  process , compensation , offers , etc . , we will not be participating in the  aiesec program this year . due to your past interest in the program , i have  forwarded the literature on to you , via inter - office mail , for your  consideration .  please contact me if you have any questions .  thank you for your time .  shelly jones",0
876,"Subject: in the heart of your business !  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only  several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among  competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht  now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai ioqo variants in three  business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of  changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your  business . flexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk  orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right  now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
625,"Subject: work from home . free info  we need help . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , and we have  grown 1000 % ! we cannot keep up . we are looking for individuals who  want to work at home , and make a good living .  so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has  vast opportunities , then go :  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  and fill out our info form . no experience required , we will train you .  no committment is required by filling out the form , it is for info  only .  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  you want to be independent ? then make it happen !  happen !  simply click on the link below for free , no obligated information !  guaranteed !  http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity  to be removed from our link simple go to : ",1
5179,"Subject: re : mscf speaker series  thx ,  we are very anxious to hear her answer  pierre - philippe ste - marie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pstemarie . homestead . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc : ;  sent : friday , august 11 , 2000 10 : 55 am  subject : re : mscf speaker series  >  > pierre - philippe ,  >  > i have contacted allison bailey to ask her to move her visit  > to the campus to coincide with my presentation .  > i hope to hear from her soon .  >  > vince kaminski  >  > p . s . nice web site  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" pierre - philippe ste - marie "" on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 13 : 53  pm  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : mscf speaker series  >  >  >  > dear mr . kaminsky ,  >  > just checking if there was any progress . . . or anything i could do to help  > you .  >  > sincerely ,  >  > pierre - philippe ste - marie  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > pstemarie . homestead . com  >  >  >  >  >",0
728,"Subject: julies cam info  hi . . . .  my name is julie . i am a high school senior in houston , tx .  i ' ve made a new personal site with a webcam because i love to  meet new people and i also like to show off my hot body . i  thought you may like to check it out . it ' s completely free .  http : / / magnetslip . com / ju 43 /  regards  julie",1
4637,"Subject: re : sharad agnihotri  kate ,  has the paperwork been finalized yet ? let me know if we ' ve agreed a start  date yet .  thanks ,  dale  kate bruges  18 / 07 / 2000 12 : 52  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : sharad agnihotri  i have just spoken to alex blair from alexander mann who met with sharad this  morning .  sharad has verbally accepted our revised offer and is expected to return the  paperwork tomorrow . i will let you know as soon as i get a start date from  him .  regards  kate",0
5143,"Subject: revised aga forecast for 6 / 23 is 65  mike ,  i refit the molecular model incorporated last week ' s data , the revised number  for this week is 65 ,  ( dropped 3 bcf compared to last fit ) , see graph .  let us see what is the real number today .  zimin",0
1354,"Subject: cash : $ 48463  dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 200 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto  clair spearsua logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 7 : meijer malory bourahla krabicka omahahttp : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / rem . php . . . not interested",1
179,"Subject: get me thru july newsletter  the get me thru newslettervenita king "" the get me thru  coach ""  volume 1 issue  7  july  2005  "" igniting the power of  inspiration . . . ""  thank you for reading my  newsletter . you will not be the same , i promise ! sign - up todayit ' s free and  priceless . . .  tell a friend aboutthis  newsletter  learn more aboutvenita ' s  coaching  stay up to date with get me thru  news  venita ' s promiseyou have my word , i will not share your contact  information with anyone . thank you for allowing me to contact  you ! be my guest and reprint or  distribute "" the get me thru newsletter "" as long as  you include thecopyright and web link to www . getmethru . com venita king "" the get me thru coach "" venita @ getmethru . comcopyright 2005 all rights  reserved . the get me thru collectionis a registered  trademark  cick here to join the get me thru  newsletter  now ! !  discover get  me thru nuggets of wisdomthat  thousands use daily to increase their success - from the  author of "" the voice of my boundaries ""  in this  issue  the paradox  of stressthe thing  you need but should not keep . . .  the coach ' s play  of the month : "" motivation  excites you about someone else ' s answers . inspiration  ignites your inner strength through questions that lead you  to successful actions and  self - awareness . ""  venita ' s commercial moment  monthly special  the paradox of  stress  there is a level of genius in every human being  and it is called a ' gift ' . stress however plays a huge role in how  we deliver it to the world . the mystery is that stress is a good  thing when used properly and a bad thing when misused . how can  that be ? consider these get me thru points about  stress . i learned about them the hard way . you don ' t have to make my  mistakes .  stress is a process in life and not just a  thing that happens  stress literally enters your being daily and  it must also be shown the exit door daily  stress should be utilized as a tool for  forward movement in the face of challenge  stress keeps you alert at the beginning ,  weighs on you midway and brings you down in the end if you keep it  to long  stress is an excellent motivator but unlike  motivation , it doesn ' t just disappear  a get me thru nugget of wisdom : wherever  you store your stress is where you can expect to experiencethe  most damage , physically , spiritually or financially . . . in the end ,  someoneelse most likely will have to inform you about the  severity of your damage .  a  get me thru question : do you process your stress daily for  authentic success or do you store it daily for  disaster ?  so you see the parameters of  stress will enter the board room or home , it has no preference . -  it ' s all about people and not position . however , when ignored stress  will ultimately determine how far each one of us goes in life -  guaranteed !  read what i learned about how to  process stress and how misusing it nearly cost me my life in chapter  8 of "" the voice  of my boundaries "" .  the coach ' s play of the  month : "" motivation excites  you about someone else ' s answers . inspiration  ignites your inner  strength through questions thatlead you to successful actions  and self - awareness . ""  the get me thru question for this  month should last you for a lifetime , because stress is a part of  life forever . whether you want to be a millionaire or merely  survive , you too must make a decision about processing stress . your  success in life demands it !  learn from my get me thru nuggets of  wisdom and then work on your own !  let me hear from you soon ! sign my  guestbook  venita ' s commercial  moment monthly special :  buy the voice of my  boundaries in the get me thru signature pocket during  the month of july and receive set of 21 get me thru share  cards too !  and  click here to buy  now  your response to my new  get me thru jingle get me thru meditation songhas  been incredible . many of you heard them if you attended one of my  march or april inspiring success workshops . just  click here to  listen to an excerptfrom the meditation song . the link takes you  to my website . click the play button on the media player in  the right column and enjoy !  may the voice of your boundaries guide you always . many  blessings ! venita  cick here to join the get me  thru newsletter  now ! !  get me thru , inc . 1019 old monrovia rd . huntsville , al 35806 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  - -  no virus found in this incoming message .  checked by avg anti - virus .  version : 7 . 0 . 323 / virus database : 267 . 9 . 1 / 51 - release date : 7 / 18 / 2005 ",1
960,"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at maill 9 b . gl 9 . rapidsite . net .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  64 . 18 . 7 . 10 failed after i sent the message .  remote host said : 571 message refused  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : from mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ( 204 . 202 . 242 . 100 )  by maill 9 b . gl 9 . rapidsite . net ( rs ver 1 . 0 . 95 vs ) with smtp id 1 - 017201846  for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 50 - 0400 ( edt )  received : from unknown [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ] ( helo mailwisconsin . com )  by mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ( mxl _ mta - 1 . 3 . 8 - 10 p 4 ) with smtp id 06 ddcd 24 . 14068 . 061 . mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 48 - 0400 ( edt )  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516488 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : antonio _ ortiz 33 @ jobops . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  x - spam - flag : yes  x - spam : [ f = 1 . 0000000000 ; heur = 0 . 500 ( 1000 ) ; stat = 0 . 997 ; spamtraq - heur = 1 . 000 ( 2005071819 ) ]  x - mail - from :  x - source - ip : [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ]  x - loop - detect : 1  x - distloop - detect : 1  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie !",1
369,"Subject: rescue you from highprice medicaments and badpain .  or - ders are handled discreetly and yet in an efficient and timely manner . be  assured of best services . reduce prices affordable to you . r wallet . check  us our weekly specials .  locating a better way to receive prescribed remedies . . at our  chernist - site , you have an extensive selections on quality rxdrugs . .  licensed physicians at our e - zone complete the case profile review . gratis  of charge .  http : / / 0 wlv . cu . comingupthebest . com / 2 v 7 /  ` why do you say that to me ? ' she said looking at him sternly .  an opportunity of watching the loves and jealousies of the four - -  refreshing breeze from the mountains blows over the orange gardens ,  and then made a face at them , and abused them for coming , began with - -",1
731,"Subject: your next investment should be this sto - ck  pop 3 media corp ( popt )  a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major  media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing  and technoiogy companies .  current price : o . 025  wiil it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you  like momentum .  breaking news ! !  pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the  companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wiil  acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar  distribution group , inc . "" vdg , "" forming a revolutionary new music company ,  controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of  stock and cash , when completed , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a  33 % stake in the new company .  roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los  angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment  corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and  execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek shareholder  approva | immediateiy thereafter .  pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , "" this alliance wil | allow pop 3 to  achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music  industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they  create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers  access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . ""  roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives  drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house  producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry  today .  "" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major  labels ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that  cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion  selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell  hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loya | fan base ; artists  that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miilion per titie , ""  stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .  "" additiona | | y , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the ability  to distribute our own product directly to retai | to over 22 , 0 oo retai |  location in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net  profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our  artists . ""  mr . shebanow concluded , "" whiie there are smailer | abeis that do provide  a home for these acts , they | ack either the wiil or financial resources  to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have  on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great  producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the  customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . ""  about pop 3 media corp :  pop 3 media corp . is engaged in deveiopment , production and distribution  of entertainment - reiated media for film , teievision , music and  publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of  viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures  international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and  viastar classica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk  corporation .  conclusion :  the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known  companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are  already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for  you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch  this one trade monday ! go popt .  penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie  for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way  affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars  to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and  advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .  if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been  wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in  the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com",1
1276,"Subject: professionally - designed logos and identities  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketing  toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
4562,"Subject: re : access to o ; . . .  please , grant access as requested .  vince kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 09 / 19 / 2000  03 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daniel muschar @  enron  09 / 19 / 2000 03 : 27 pm  to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : access to o ; . . .  vince has this under control . he will forward it to the security group .  daniel a . muschar  juan padron  09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daniel muschar / aa / corp / enron @ enron  subject : access to o ; . . .  vince , this e - mail is to request access to the o : / research / power  meteorlogy / weather temps / txtemps . xls file . . . i was told by tech - support to  e - mail you with this request and everything would get squared away .  daniel , could you please advise on what to do next . thank you . . .  juan  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by juan padron / na / enron on 09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 17  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daniel  muschar  09 / 19 / 2000 09 : 14 am  to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : access to o ; . . .  i called security again and here is what is happening :  this request is waiting on the approver . stinson gibner :  here is the info on the user we are waiting on .  stinson ? ? gibner  contact info company info  phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 4748 employee type : enron employee  email : sgibner @ enron . com job title : vp research  location : eb 1963 supervisor : kaminski , wincenty j  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 contract company : ect resources corp  cellular : company number : 0413  pager : cost center : 0000107043 click here for others in cost center  cost center name : na - research group ena  city : houston  bner or vince kaminski are the approvers for this directory",0
5322,"Subject: re : india model  stinson and vince ,  please see wade ' s comments below . it is critical that we start the exercise  quickly , and as metioned , it should be structured so that dpc foot the bill .  also , as mentioned , please have them desist from using the word viability  with reference to dabhol .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  01 / 02 / 2001 10 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron india  from : wade cline 01 / 01 / 2001 10 : 26 pm  to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mohan  subject : re : india model  thanks sandeep . engagement needs to be structured so that dpc will pay for  this key study . have them address the study to dpc and invoice dpc .  second , on the cover , the reference is to "" . . . . . . and dabhol plant  viability . "" please instruct them to immediately cease discussions about and  use of term dabhol viability . they can use the term they use later on , which  is dabhol plant operations .  sandeep kohli  01 / 01 / 2001 08 : 56 am  to : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : re : india model  wade ,  this is fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  01 / 01 / 2001 08 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" robert schenck "" on 12 / 29 / 2000 11 : 57 : 16 am  to : ,  cc :  subject : re : india model  gentlemen ,  i have attached a proposal for your consideration  please review this and give me a call on my cell phone + 61 412 234 366  tomorrow morning ( 9 am my time saturday )  i have organised access to a substantial level of detail re the generation  and transmission systems and can commence work on building the data base  next week  there may be some residual typing errors in the proposal , please forgive me  as i have no staff to review  regards  robert schenck  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : sandeep . kohli @ enron . com [ mailto : sandeep . kohli @ enron . com ]  > sent : thursday , 28 december 2000 10 : 09 pm  > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com ; schenck @ hesinet . com  > subject : re : india model  >  >  >  > robert ,  >  > i had a conversation with stinsen regarding this earlier today .  > we do have  > some information about the interconnects as well as information on the  > plant capacities and locations within the state of maharashtra . however ,  > our information on other states and on a national basis maybe  > less detailed  > and accurate .  >  > what i suggested was that we have a meeting with your representative in  > india once the study is a "" go . "" we probably need to do this with our team  > in india in the first week of the new year . in that manner , we  > will have a  > much clearer idea of what is needed and what we have . we will then take a  > week filling in the gaps , and so by mid - january we should have the  > information you need , or alternately , we will know that the level  > of detail  > you ideally want is not available . then we will have to make assumptions .  >  > i believe that the level of detail we have on maharashtra will be  > good , but  > the type of information on o & m costs , generations costs , etc .  > that you want  > will likely not be easily available for other states . we need to work  > closely , however , to do the best we can as regards this information .  >  > please get back to stinson with the estimates of time and cost , and let us  > also know whether mid - january for the full information will work for you .  >  > regards ,  > sandeep .  >  > ps : stinson , please let me know if there is something i have missed in my  > response .  > robert - if you need something answered urgently , please feel free to  > call me on my mobile in the us : 713 - 857 - 6826 .  >  >  >  >  > stinson gibner @ ect  > 12 / 28 / 2000 09 : 38 pm  >  > to : sandeep kohli @ enron  > cc :  > subject : re : india model  >  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 12 / 28 / 2000  > 10 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  > "" robert schenck "" on 12 / 27 / 2000 11 : 21 : 18 pm  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : re : india model  >  >  > stinson ,  >  > i am trying to contact our data base experts at the moment to clarify some  > issues with the region and may need another day to get something more  > concrete in front of you .  >  > what i would like to know is the extent of your company knowledge re the  > following  >  > generation units ' nameplate capacity , fuel type , efficiency , o vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > subject : india model  > >  > >  > > robert ,  > >  > > enron would like to do a study of power prices and dispatch for  > > india we  > > have spoken with david branchcomb to see if henwood can help with this  > > project in our time frame ( results needed by end of january ) , and he  > > suggested that we speak directly with you about the project .  > >  > > i will try and give you a call later today ( wednesday afternoon  > > in houston ,  > > thurday morning , adelaide ) at around 9 : 00 a . m . your time to see we can  > > describe for you the project in more detail .  > >  > > regards ,  > >  > > stinson gibner  > > enron research group  > > ( 713 ) 853 - 4748  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >  - penron . doc",0
5071,"Subject: re : site license for power world  richard et al  under the new electricity trading arrangments ( neta ) in the uk and looking  forward i think it will be increasingly important in modelling market  behaviour and transmission related costs to have some form of system model  incorporating opf and atc .  therefore , in principle i am happy to support option 3 and to pay a 1 / 3 share  of the cost . however , before i commit to this particular package , i would  like to be comfortable that the generic powerworld software could be suitably  customised to capture the special features of neta .  i understand marco verreschi who initiated interest from our end is pursuing  this with martin lin ( research , houston ) . however , due to commitments next  week , and my desire to see powerworld in action etc it is likely to be the  following week before he and i can say "" lets do it "" .  michael wilks  manager , uk power analytics  enron europe ltd  tel : ( 44 ) 207 783 2405  richard lewis @ ect  05 / 01 / 2001 15 : 10  to : michael wilks / eu / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : site license for power world  can you recommend or otherwise this software and whether we should pay a  third share of the cost ?  r  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lewis / lon / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 15 : 12  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lance cunningham @ enron on 20 / 11 / 2000 20 : 02 : 22  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim  belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : site license for power world  gentleman ,  kevin presto concurred on the purchase of a site license as recommended by  vince . what are the thoughts of others ? i am available to demo the package  if others would like to see it .  thanks ,  lance  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 16 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim  belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron  subject : site license for power world  gentlemen ,  i recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3  power trading desks .  i think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $ 15 , 000 ) .  lance cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it  very useful for modeling transmission problems .  please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this  recommendation .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000  09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 15 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : site license for power world  vince ,  we have three options to increase our availability across enron for the power  world load flow software .  option 1 , upgrade to a site license for the load flow software only . price  $ 9 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , but not  determine marginal cost or available transfer capacity ( atc ) because only the  optimal power flow ( opf ) version can perform that task .  option 2 , site license for the load flow and purchase 1 opf package for  walter coffer ' s group . price $ 11 , 240 .  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows and one other  group the ability to determine marginal cost and atc .  option 3 , site license for load flows , opf and atc . price $ 14 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , marginal  cost , and atc .  regards ,  lance",0
1576,"Subject: re : various market data charges to the research group for february  2001  julie :  i talked to both maureen and tanya and neither one want this service and  have not been using it .  maureen told me that she told you a year ago that she did not want telerate  ( when she was supporting gary hickerson ' s group on 30 ) . if that is the case ,  we probably need a refund .  let me know if there is anything that can be done about this .  the only person in our group that wants telerate is jason sokolov and i  put in a request for that yesterday . please cancel everything else .  thanks !  shirley  from : julie pechersky / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 09 / 2001 12 : 33 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001  hi shirley ,  regarding telerate : i can cancel the service for both maurenn and tanya , but another name commonly used for the telerate application is bridge or bridgestation so you may want to just ask the two of them once more to be sure that they do not use it . just let me know and i will cancel billing  jason can get access to it by submitting an e - request for him for telerate . when you go into e - request and it is prompting you for what application to choose , type in the words market data and hit search . telerate will pop up as an option and within that choose the role basic energy . we will take care of it from there .  i will also remove hector campos from reuters . was there anyone else being charged for reuters services that are not needed ?  i will also remove clayton vernon . i do not see anything under the name brad amoine , is this the correct spelling of his name ? i will also find  out where shalesh ' s charges should be moved to .  thanks for updating us and let me know if there is anything else .  julie  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : jackson , clifford  sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 1 : 44 pm  to : crenshaw , shirley  cc : pechersky , julie  subject : re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001  hi shirley . i ' ve copied this to julie pechersky , who maintains the market data database , and will be able to make the user changes you request . she ' ll also be able to tell you how / when telerate can be enabled for mr . sokolov .  we get the billing data from her , so once it is correct there , it will be billed correctly .  cliff jackson  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : crenshaw , shirley  sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 1 : 31 pm  to : jackson , clifford  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001  clifford :  in reviewing our february eis billing summary for co # 0413 , cc # 107043 ,  i have several questions .  telerate : ( february charges : $ 3 , 032 , 35 )  i polled the group and only one person has asked for telerate and he is  not shown being charged for it . that is jason sokolov . he would like to  have access to telerate . if you could let me know how to get that for him .  the largest percent of the telerate charges appear to be for maureen  raymond , who says that she does not use telerate . could she be accessing  some data that she does not know is telerate ? please let me know . if there  are individual accounts for telerate the only one we need is for jason sokolov ,  unless maureen ' s charges are for something that she does not know is telerate .  tanya tamarchenko does not need telerate and she has the second largest  percentage of the charges . anyway , the only telerate subscription we need is  for jason sokolov .  reuters : ( february charges : $ 405 . 96 )  no one in research uses reuters . i believe most of the charges are for hector  campos who used it when he was on the trading desk . when he rotated into the  research group he did not need it any longer , but is still being billed for it . please  remove from the research cost center .  the following individuals are no longer with enron or no longer with research  and their accounts should be removed from the research cost center .  clayton vernon no longer with the research group remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center  brad amoine no longer with enron remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center  shalesh ganjoo no longer with the research group remove his lim and lim core charges from the research cost center  i hope this is not too confusing !  please advise .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw",0
2258,"Subject: london meeting  dear vince  could you let me know when you are able to meet riskcare ? i will try to  reach you in houston , otherwise i will give anjam ' s office a call  tomorrow .  regards  manuel  manuel rensink  riskcare - financial technology services  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london  http : / / www . riskcare . com  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3400  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3401  about riskcare  since riskcare ' s inception in 1994 , we have specialised in providing  pre - eminent services and pioneering tools to the financial markets  industry .  riskcare offers :  * a range of hands - on technology services for systems implementation  and operation , including development , integration , support , technical  skills and software selection  * a range of financial engineering services , including model  validation , risk advisory , analytics integration , development of pricing  models for derivative instruments and front office analytics such as  willow , a revolutionary tool for option pricing",0
3443,"Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  i will check with michael and see if it ' s feasible to do a quick evaluation of his software here in houston .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 22 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  stinson ,  he keeps bugging us about it .  any thoughts what we should do ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" mike curran "" on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  please respond to "" mike curran ""  to :  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  hi vince -  hope all is well with you .  sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  best regards ,  michael curran  ceo  quantin ' leap limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  http : / / www . quantinleap . com",0
2605,"Subject: rtp project  thanks vince . i think the right person is anoush farhangi .  jh  john henderson  - - - - - forwarded by john henderson / hou / newpower on 03 / 19 / 2001 10 : 32 am - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 12 am  to : john henderson / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : rtp project  john and krishna ,  i am sending you an outline of a conference at stanford on topics related to  demand - side pricing and management in the power markets .  please , let me know if you are personally interested and who else  in your respective organizations would like to attend .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001  08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hill huntington on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 26 : 55 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : rtp project  vince ,  targetted conference date is th - f june 21 - 22 at stanford . enclosed in the  recent revision to what i sent before .  great to meet you ,  hill  - retail notes . rtf  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0
5559,"Subject: re : short - sell vs exercise  chonawee ,  as i have pointed out , short - selling the stock may be a bad  decision because of tax implications ( ignoring the legal aspects ) .  suppose the strike is $ 70 and you were granted an atm option .  you sell short at $ 70 ten lots ( one lot = 100 shares ) . the price goes to  $ 100 .  you lose $ 30 x 1000 = $ 30 , 000 on your short position . option exercise  gives you $ 30 , 000 . this is before taxes . you pay taxes  on your option income ( it ' s treated as ordinary income ) . the tax is  28 % x $ 30 , 000 = $ 8 , 400 . you can use only $ 3 , 000 of your loss against  ordinary income . this saves you only $ 840 in taxes .  of course , if you have capital gains , you can use losses on your option  position  as an offset .  the remaining part of your capital loss is carried forward and you get the  tax benefits over time ( less the time value of money ) , assuming you have  income in the  future ( or capital gains ) .  not so good .  by the way , valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options  is a very interesting and difficult problem .  vince  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  07 / 10 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : short - sell vs exercise  below is my writing that was originally planned to post somewhere . it  explains how to handle a special type of call options which can be exercised  but cannot be sold . ( as we know that it is never optimal to exercise a call  option before its maturity ) . however , after taking vince ' s comments on the  ordinary income / capital loss tax offsetting issue , i think this is not a good  article anymore . i guess i could just throw this article away . : - )  - chonawee  short - selling is better than exercising your employee stock options  in general , the sensible time to exercise your employee stock option is when  you speculate that ene is going down or its growth rate is extremely low . in  fact , when exercising the options , you are speculating that ene would never  reach this point ( plus interest ) again during the 10 years maturity date or  until you leave the company . if you do not anticipate that , you should hold  on to your options because you can gain higher profit by delaying your  exercise .  however , if you believe that ene is reaching its peak . then , instead of  exercising the options , you should short - sell ( or sell ) the stocks in that  amount . after short - selling , when you feel that the stock starts to go up ,  you can buy them back ( to cover ) , make profit , and still keep the options . on  the other hand , if the stock does not go down as expect , you can exercise the  options to cover your short position anytime .  let us take a look at a simple case where there are no taxes , no dividends ,  and zero risk - free rate . suppose that ene follows a simple sample path as  follow  if you exercise 100 ene options with a grant price of 45 when ene reaches 70 ,  you would earn ( 70 - 45 ) * 100 = $ 2 , 500 . but if you short sell 100 ene at 70 , no  matter how much ene is in the future , you can exercise the options to cover  the short position and still earn ( 70 - 45 ) * 100 = $ 2 , 500 . the advantage of  short - selling comes when ene at the period 2 is 60 . at this point , you can  cover your short position , get ( 70 - 60 ) * 100 = $ 1 , 000 , and still keep your  options or you can exercise the options and gain $ 2 , 500 . that is , you still  keep the flexibility of your options when you short - sell . in conclusion , the  only sensible time to exercise your employee stock options is to cover your  short position .",0
35,"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at gigas . keys . be .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  this address no longer accepts mail .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 10006 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 220 . 162 . 170 . 32 )  by gigas . keys . be with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815823 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : info @ deboel . net  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable !",1
4471,"Subject: re : efa meetings  tom ,  thanks for your message .  i shall be glad to attend the meeting ( of course a lot may happen between  now and then and we may have many unexpected developments  in a company as dynamic as enron ) .  i want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper .  vince  tom arnold on 07 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 : 48 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : efa meetings  hello vince ,  a colleague and i are hoping to have a panel discussion on energy  securities for the coming eastern finance association meetings ( april  25 - 28 , 2001 in charleston , south carolina ) . i was wondering if you or  someone you know at enron would be interested in participating in such a  meeting . i realize that you may not be able to plan this far in advance  and would certainly not be offended in the least if you cannot participate .  we already appreciate you taking time out of your schedule this past  semester to visit lsu .  i hope all is going well and wish you continued success in your ventures ,  tom arnold",0
3863,"Subject: re : enron opportunities  thanks vince . we will follow up with this lsu graduate .  hope you are doing well .  regards ,  lynn dunphy  vince j kaminski  02 / 15 / 2000 08 : 53 am  to : lynn dunphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enron opportunities  lynn ,  i am forwarding you the resume of a very bright and motivated young man  who attended a lecture i gave recently at lsu .  i think we should consider him for an analyst position .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 15 / 2000  08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" richard c . iles "" on 09 / 14 / 2000 11 : 14 : 56 am  please respond to "" richard c . iles ""  to :  cc :  subject : enron opportunities  dr . kaminski :  ?  here is my resume and cover letter .  ?  thanks ,  ?  richard iles  - enron cover and resume . doc",0
4971,"Subject: re : resume  i appreciate your recommendation of van for a summer internship with enron .  i have communicated with van and let her know that she will have a place on  our interview schedule at rice .  i will keep you updated regarding the status of van ' s application .  thank you ,  christy young  recruiter  enron  vince j kaminski  01 / 17 / 2000 07 : 39 am  to : christy young / hou / ect @ ect , beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resume  christy and beth ,  van worked with us during the summer and over the winter break .  she did an outstanding job .  i would like to recommend her for another summer internship and  also keep her in mind for the future employment .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000  07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" van t . ngo "" on 01 / 16 / 2000 06 : 00 : 57 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : resume  dear vince ,  please find attached a copy of my resume . i have  talked with christy young and beth miertschin , the  college recruiters for the a of those ,  i would be most interested in one of the "" finance  rotations . "" i would be happy to explore one of  the number of groups within this area . ( please  let me know if this is sufficient or if you will  need me to give more specific indication of which  department i would like to be considered for an  internship . )  i greatly appreciate your consideration regarding  my job opportunities with enron . please let me  know if there is anything else i can do to  facilitate this process . i look forward to our  meeting again .  sincerely ,  van ngo  p . s . shirley , i have mailed to you my parking  permit . please contact me if you had any problems  with it .  - myresume . doc",0
3084,"Subject: re : credit risk technical article  ben ,  let me review it one more time from this angle . if you don ' t hear from me by  wednesday ,  it ' s ok to post it .  vince  benjamin parsons  01 / 04 / 2000 04 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , bijoya banerjea / lon / ect @ ect  subject : credit risk technical article  vince ,  bijoya is currently working on the development of the website for the new  credit trading initiative , and we thought it would be a good idea to put my  recent technical article "" measuring credit risk "" on it . are you okay with  this release , or does it contain any proprietary information we should edit  out ?  ben",0
5715,Subject: request submitted : access request for jeremy . waggenspack @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000005411  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 10 / 23 / 00 8 : 48 : 43 am  requested for : jeremy . waggenspack @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0
4415,"Subject: interview with enron  dear mr . kaminski ,  ?  even though i cannot pass "" official "" interviews , i would like to discuss  with enron . i was really impressed by your presentation and i think i would  be a good fit for your firm .  ?  i know that you ? will be soon recruiting on campus , maybe we could set up an  "" informal meeting "" . either give me a call at home ( 412 - 802 - 6429 ) or send me  an email at this address . i would appreciate though not to appear on  interview lists .  ?  pierre - philippe ste - marie  http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com",0
2680,"Subject: risk and purchasing meeting  due to time constraints on mr . kaminski ' s schedule during the time that you  all are in town from portland , the meeting being held on august 9 , 2000 in  eb - 45 cl must be held to one hour ( 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm )  please have your questions , comments , and / or materials ready in advance and  expect this to be a fast paced meeting .  kristin j . harrelson  enron broadband services , inc .  procurement , logistics , and contracts  1400 smith , suite eb - 4573 a  houston , tx 77002  phone : 713 . 853 . 6814  fax : 713 . 646 . 8582  cell : 713 . 594 . 1385 ",0
4233,"Subject: 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01  current notes user :  to ensure that you experience a successful migration from notes to outlook ,  it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of  migration . please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following  survey . when you finish , simply click on the ' reply ' button then hit ' send '  your survey will automatically be sent to the outlook 2000 migration mailbox .  thank you .  outlook 2000 migration team  full name :  login id :  extension :  office location :  what type of computer do you have ? ( desktop , laptop , both )  do you have a pda ? if yes , what type do you have : ( none , ipaq , palm pilot ,  jornada )  do you have permission to access anyone ' s email / calendar ?  if yes , who ?  does anyone have permission to access your email / calendar ?  if yes , who ?  are you responsible for updating anyone else ' s address book ?  if yes , who ?  is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ?  if yes , who ?  do you have access to a shared calendar ?  if yes , which shared calendar ?  do you have any distribution groups that messaging maintains for you ( for  mass mailings ) ?  if yes , please list here :  please list all notes databases applications that you currently use :  in our efforts to plan the exact date / time of your migration , we also will  need to know :  what are your normal work hours ? from : to :  will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ?  if so , when ? from ( mm / dd / yy ) : to ( mm / dd / yy ) :",0
2305,"Subject: don ' t forget - coffee colloquium this morning ( 4 - 25 - 01 ) last one  of this academic year  students , faculty , and staff ,  don ' t forget to participate in the coffee colloquium this morning ( 4 - 25 - 01 )  from 9 : 45 to 10 : 45 held outside room 124 . this will be the last coffee  colloquium of this academic year . hope to see you there .  the coffee colloquium is an informal gathering which will allow faculty ,  administration , and students an opportunity to talk , exchange ideas and get  to know each other better . the jones school coffee colloquium will be a  regular gathering every wednesday ( same time , same place ) unless there is  another scheduled event ( dean ' s lecture , exam day , holiday ) . we usually  have coffee , tea , juice , soft drinks , and some light snacks available to  all who participate .  kathy  kathy m . spradling  mba program coordinator  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  email : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs  e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0
562,"Subject: is this sto - ck ready to blaze higher ?  structure & technology report  may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release  investors and traders :  pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .  aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development  & commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market .  in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and | ittie competition .  symbo | : pgpu . pk  current price : o . 68  short term target price : $ 2 . 25  12 month target price : $ 5 . 25  pinnaclegli . com  aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :  - limited competition  - commitment to r & d  - cutting edge structura | technology  aerofoammetals . com  press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam  the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam  metals incorporated ( "" aerofoam "" ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into  a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of  aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of  aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 50 o , ooo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who  beneficially owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares  in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement  immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing  this | etter of intent .  pinnacle group ltd profile :  pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority  equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of  achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management  assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publiciy traded companies .  the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods  to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals .  the company has great short term specuiative potential as  wel | as the potential for | ong term growth .  we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25  we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25  this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !  please fo | | ow this one trade tuesday ! !  nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment  advice . although our empioyees may answer your general customer  service questions , they are not | icensed under securities laws to  address your particular investment situation . no communication by our  empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice .  we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in  any security recommended to our readers . ail of our empioyees and  agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after  the mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia |  recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be  made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after  reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .  to cance | by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to :  no _ morenewslettersl 0 @ yahoo . com  ( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter a | | rights reserved",1
965,"Subject: windows xp pro $ 49 . 95 ms 2003  opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : qaxvogcpu sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1956 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : bcqqf sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 18525 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : i 7 fxw 5 xj sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1879 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ejwludroy sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 162182 reviews . write a review .",1
4904,"Subject: update : ffvols  ted ,  an update on the implementation for ffvols :  ( 1 ) in comparing 6 days of historical var calculations  ( with that of the implied ) for agg - gas , we have found that the historical var  calculations are consistently lower over this period , by roughly 17 mm . the  implied volatilities are much higher at this period , anticipating strong  winter prices .  ( 2 ) at this time , the consensus is not to relase the  historical implementation into production , and the official line to traders  will be that the method is still in testing . the historical var is 19 . 2 mm  and the implied is 37 mm for effective date of 09 / 25 .  ( 3 ) further testing is in progress on a hybrid methodology  ( which i mentioned last week , whereby historical vols are scaled by the ratio  of prompt to historical - prompt volatilities ) , to atleast capture some  implied / forward effects . tanya ' s analysis on a fictitious portfolio  indicates higher var numbers , but poorer backtesting in comparison to the  historical approach . this approach serves as an intermediate , and seems  appropriate in periods such as the current one , wherein the historical  numbers might be considerably lower than those of the implied .  ( 4 ) winston will start testing using these hybrid vols , and  if the results are deemed satisfactory , that will be the production  methodology .  of course , we will obtain all var numbers concurrently to serve as different  indicators and beacons of risk . the production number will hopefully be a  sensible compromise of the different methods .  regards  naveen",0
2962,"Subject: reply requested : do you code or approve invoices ?  do you code or approve invoices for goods and services that are processed by the houston - based accounts payable center ?  if yes , please read and respond to this e - mail .  on may lst , ibuyit payables will be activated for all organizations supported by the houston - based accounts payable processing center ( for example , invoices submitted via ap drop box to 600 jefferson , houston ) . if you code or approve these invoices , the ibuyit payables project team has important information to share with you about the ibuyit payables system , training , and the may lst transition to the new system .  to identify yourself as a future ibuyit payables coder or approver , please respond to this e - mail upon receipt with the following information :  * full name ( first , middle , last )  * e - mail address  * business unit ( for example , corporate , ets , ews , ees , or ebs )  * do you code invoices ? ( yes / no )  * do you approve invoices ? ( yes / no )  * are you a remote user ? for example , do you dialup to access the enron network ? ( yes / no )  this will ensure that you receive important ibuyit payables information . thank you for your response !  attached is important ibuyit payables training information : ",0
756,Subject: considered unsolicited bulk email from you  your message to :  - > distmora @ agrocom . com . ar  was considered unsolicited bulk e - mail ( ube ) .  subject : just to her . . .  return - path :  delivery of the email was stopped !,1
2508,"Subject: re : time  david :  i have you scheduled for 2 : 00 pm , monday , august 7 th . in vince ' s office .  regards ,  shirley  david p dupre  08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 46 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : time  2 pm is good for monday the 7 th .  thanks  david  shirley crenshaw  08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 44 am  to : david p dupre / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : time  david :  vince would like to talk with you alone for now . monday , the 7 th is a pretty  good day . let me know what times you might be available .  thanks !  shirley  david p dupre  07 / 31 / 2000 05 : 26 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : time  hi ,  i wanted to inquire as to which day ( s ) might be convenient to meet with vince  and his colleagues .  many thanks  david",0
4483,"Subject: re : enron case studies  eric ,  i have one on egs , one on dhabol and a recent one on  entrepreneurship in enron . you can buy  the case studies from the hbs web - site .  vince  eric gadd  11 / 13 / 2000 05 : 36 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : enron case studies  vince ,  what case studies do you have on enron ?  vince j kaminski  10 / 11 / 2000 16 : 15  to : eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect  cc : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron case studies  eric ,  i have a number of case studies on enron but not the one on sutton bridge .  i know that peter tufano was working on it but when i checked the hbs  site and tried to purchase it , i could not locate it .  when i talked to peter a few months ago , he told me that the case study was  ready  and he was going through enron ' s internal approvals .  i cc mark palmer on it . maybe he knows about this specific case study .  i wander if it was completed , given sutton bridge developments .  vince  eric gadd  11 / 10 / 2000 05 : 49 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : enron case studies  vince -  where might i find copies of the case studies enron has published ? i ' m  particularly interested in the sutton bridge publication for havard but would  like to know if there is a library of case studies .",0
2956,"Subject: re : our discussion  mike ,  there might be a place for steve in our unit supporting ees . i shall forward  the resume to my associates supporting the facility management  effort .  thanks for thinking about us .  vince  p . s . krishna , osman ,  can you take a look at the attached resume ? steve has no finance background  but his engineering background is very strong .  vince  michael l miller @ enron _ development  02 / 17 / 2000 07 : 52 am  sent by : michael linn miller @ enron _ development  to : vince j kaminski @ ect , stinson gibner @ ect  cc : aspijk @ texas . net  subject : our discussion  vince & stinson ,  i was given your names by lynn dunphy in recruiting and am taking the liberty  of forwarding you the attached cv . steve roeder is a former collegiate  swimmer and currently coach of the master ' s swimming program in the woodlands  ( my wife is president of the program ) . he is also currently employed at air  liquide usa ( or one of its subsidiaries ) over in the galleria area . as a  consequence of air liquide ' s pending merger with boc , steve believes that  there will be significant personnel reductions sometime during 2000 and is  taking action now to try to locate his next professional challenge .  lynn suggested there might be a fit with your group and i would be grateful  if you could have a look and let me know whether you might be interested .  alternatively , if you don ' t see a fit ( or are adequately staffed at the  moment ) , i would be grateful for any suggestions you might have as to whom i  might contact internally on steve ' s behalf .  many thanks in advance .  m . l . miller  vice president - mergers & acquisitions  calme region  ( 713 ) 345 5272  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael linn miller / enron _ development on  02 / 17 / 2000 07 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" roeder , steve "" on 02 / 10 / 2000 03 : 14 : 18 pm  to : "" ' michael . l . miller @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : our discussion  mike -  thanks for taking the time to talk last evening . ? i really appreciated it . ?  ( by the way , how is life in the white house now that you are living with a  president ? ? is air force one all that it is cracked up to be ? )  please see the attached document . ? by reading between the lines , hopefully  one can see that , whereas my training has been highly technical , my desire to  transform my career into the business side of a high - technology application  is set in this good foundation ( rather than limited by it ) .  thanks again for your support .  >  steve roeder  technology manager  air liquide america  713 624 8777  713 624 8350 fax  steve . roeder @ airliquide . com  - steve . doc",0
4166,"Subject: h - ib visa application  chonawee : further to our telephone conversation this morning , i am attaching  a visa questionnaire that i need you to complete and return to me  immediately , together with the documents listed at the bottom of the form .  as explained , i will send everything to our attorney ' s office in the hope  that they can file for the h - ib prior to reaching the cap , but in the event  this does not go through , your h - ib will not be available until october ,  2000 . as your opt does not expire until november 1 , 2000 , we will still have  the opportunity to get you an h - ib before your opt runs out .  please bring these documents to me in eb 3694 .  margaret daffin x 57843",0
4423,Subject: 2 missing from the mailing list  hingoran @ rice . edu  planck @ rice . edu,0
2039,"Subject: the installation of the equipment you ordered is completed  - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm )  requested for : vince j kaminski  requested by : shirley crenshaw  the installation of the equipment ( see below ) has been completed .  en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0  en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop  21 "" vl 100 monitor",0
2945,"Subject: invoice for ordered papers  you have ordered the following papers :  - wp w 7613  foundations of technical analysis : computational algorithms , statistical  inference , and empirical implementation  - wp w 6250  pricing and hedging derivative securities in incomplete markets : an  e - aritrage model  the total cost ( excluding shipping ) is :  $ us 10  shipping address :  if you ordered papers for electronic delivery and experienced problems  downloading them , browse the following url ( s ) to download your paper  orders . the url ( s ) are valid for 7 days .  if you receive duplicate bills , please send a note to .",0
4310,"Subject: re : anshuman srivastava  thanks margaret . will keep you in the loop if things change .  i am attaching a job description for anshuman , as we had discussed , foir your  files .  regards ,  sandeep .  margaret daffin @ ect  02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 41 am  to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : molly magee @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : anshuman srivastava  sandeep : further to my voice mail to you today , i will meet with anshuman at  10 : 30 am and will keep his documents in a file .  however , without some type of job offer in the us , we cannot move forward  with an ll visa for him and if you believe he will not be returning to the us  to work , then we really do not need to get him the ll at this time .  if the circumstances change , please let me know .  margaret  sandeep kohli @ enron _ development  02 / 15 / 2001 02 : 05 pm  to : margaret daffin @ ect  cc : molly magee @ ect , anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : anshuman srivastava  margaret ,  please find attached the resume of anshuman , as well as the form needed for  l - 1 visa , duly filled in .  copies of all required material for the visa , has already been put into  inter - office mail .  please do call me at 713 - 857 - 6826 . i want to reschedule today ' s meeting for  another time , since we are working on a deadline here .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  02 / 15 / 2001 01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sandeep kohli  02 / 15 / 2001 11 : 21 am  to : anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject :",0
452,"Subject: mmedz services  hello , welcome to the medzo kolinsky nline  - online ph filiform armaceutical shop .  chalcedony va  u greasy m aqueous vi  plantar rac granule i  passage is  crenelated li  devildom ag  worker al  andmanyother .  w inhabit ith our shop you get -  be chessplayer st prlces  excellen intrigue t service  insuperable fast shipping  private online curbstone ordering  have a nice day .",1
3176,"Subject: re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac  naveen and matthew ,  i started looking systematically through uk positions and corresponding var  numbers in the risckrac .  i found a few inconsistencies so far .  1 . the portfolio elsb 1 - nbp has a book elsb 1 under it . the sum of delta  positions for this book is  239 , 021 , 655 , the sum of gamma positions is - 211 , 031 , 450 . var for the  portfolio elsb 1 - nbp is zero .  the same refers to a few other portfolios , for example elsb 2 - nbp , elsb 3 - nbp ,  e 2 xxl - nbp .  2 . the portfolio elsbp 1 - ppp also has the book elsb 1 under it . this book  contains the positions on pppwdl  through pppwd 6 and pppwel through pppwe 4 .  the same refers to the other books , for example elsb 2 .  this looks messy . can someone in rac go over all the portfolios , all the  corresponding books and curves  in risktrac and make sure they are set up properly ?  thank you ,  tanya .",0
3664,"Subject: re : d - g energy  karla ,  we may use 1 workstation in london , 1 in houston .  yes , please call ms . geman and ask for more detailed price information .  vince  from : karla feldman 03 / 20 / 2000 01 : 15 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : d - g energy  hello vince ,  i didn ' t know if that was your correct e - mail address listed below on  receiving from outside the company , so i thought i would forward this with a  couple of comments .  she states below that she has enclosed a proposal , however , the only pricing  i really see is in the software license agreement , article 2 , which states  that the license fee is $ 100 , 000 and lists out when you must pay for it . it  then states in article 3 that the fees are set forth in appendix 1 , but there  are no prices in appendix 1 .  i have reviewed the actual terms and conditions to the license and am going  to prepare it as we usually do to send to mark holsworth for review . in the  meantime , do you want me to go back to ms . geman and ask her for more  detailed pricing information or do you have what you need ? also , in appendix  2 , you will need to list the number of sites and workstations you want to  have .  please let me know .  thanks ,  karla  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000 01 : 11  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  geman on 03 / 18 / 2000 04 : 39 : 43 am  to : karla . feldman @ enron . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com  subject :  dear ms . feldman ,  please find enclosed a proposal for the d - g energy  software license agreement in which enron may be  interested . we deliberately left blank the appendix 2  related to the number of sites and workstations it  would cover , in order to let dr . kaminski decide what  is best for enron .  sincerely  - appendices . doc  - contract . doc  h , lyette geman  professor of finance  university paris ix dauphine and essec",0
830,"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other love enhancers ail in one !  operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and compiete confidentiaiity !  click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 ! ",1
3323,"Subject: re : clayton vernon  thanks for the e - mail . please let me know if clayton does not honor his  commitment to complete his current project . i am giving clayton an  opportunity ( next 6 months ) to prove he can add value to our operation  creating state of the art decision support tools . if he fails , i will take  the necessary steps .  thank you .",0
3839,"Subject: prc review  stinson ,  i am going to do the prc review for bob and paulo .  if your time permits , please join me for these two meetings .  bob : 9 : 00 am  paulo : 10 : 00 am  i attended the prc training , they suggested letting employees  read their review before the meeting . so i did that . here are the  two files attached .  zimin",0
1420,"Subject: ees retail risk meeting 1 / 31  this is to confirm a meeting scheduled for today , at 3 : 00 p . the location of  the meeting is eb 2868 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000  09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  veronica valdez  01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 22 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan  le / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees ,  ronnie chahal / hou / ees @ ees , james d steffes / hou / ees @ ees  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , la donna finnels - neal / hou / ees @ ees , vladimir  gorny / hou / ect @ ect , marcia a linton / hou / ees @ ees  subject : meeting  please have your assistant call me to coordinate the meeting listed below .  as per the message , we would like to schedule it on monday , january 31 .  thanks ,  veronica  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 01 / 28 / 2000  04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : vladimir gorny 01 / 27 / 2000 06 : 03 pm  to : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meeting  veronica ,  could you please assist me in coordinating the meeting :  topic : ees retail risks  time : monday  invitees : vince kaminski , tanya tamarchenko , jonathan le , grant mason , dennis  benevides , ronnie chahal and jim steffes  i would also like to send the following presentation to the participants  thanks , vlady .",0
4260,"Subject: special epri mtg on ancillary services  dear dr . kaminski ,  thanks for your email address . would like to invite you or others from enron  to our one - day planning meeting in houston , sept . 7 , to review state of the  art assessment of ancillary services markets , hear preliminary research on  related topics , and help define a course of research that epri could  undertake .  here is one of our announcements . pls feel free to call with any questions .  - - jeremy platt  > re . ancillary services markets and management - -  > changing market structures , pricing , settlement , operational and  > cost issues  >  > epri has organized a workshop on ancillary services markets and management  > issues , to be held september 7 in houston . file attached .  >  > dr . rajat deb , pres . of lcg consulting , is our featured  > speaker / investigator . additional experts contributing to this special  > workshop are :  > * andy van horn , van horn consulting  > * phillip mcleod , mhb consultants  > * jens kure - jensen , encotech , and  > * carl pechman , power economics  >  > >  > this workshop is part of a program of epri research on ancillary services  > markets and management topics . * you or your colleagues are welcome to  > attend and contribute to the discussions . the workshop is timely , offers  > unique content , and will help shape future work of value . we encourage you  > to register promptly . please call me if you have any questions .  >  > if you are unable to attend or feel someone else in the company may have a  > more direct responsibilty , please forward this note . thanks ,  >  > jeremy platt  > manager , power and fuel markets  > 650 / 855 - 2628  >  > dale gray  > manager , generation asset management  > 704 - 547 - 6016  >  > * background on epri research on ancillary services . epri , known formerly  > as the electric power research institute , offers research on a wide range  > of energy , technology , environmental and business / market topics . epri ' s  > 2000 research on a / s is value package 64 . 3 , strategic value and  > measurement of ancillary services . this value package is part of a larger  > program of research ( a "" target "" ) , called understanding power and fuel  > markets and generation response . other 2000 ancillary services projects  > underway are : a report on markets and pricing ( now in preparation ) and a  > demonstration this fall of measurement procedures at a generating site for  > reactive supply and voltage control and for spinning and supplemental  > reserves .  >  >  >  >  - ancillary - wkshp . pdf",0
1335,"Subject: auto protection  protect yourself .  purchase an extended warranty for your car before  your existing warranty expires and save hundreds .  even if your warranty has expired , you will save  40 - 60 percent over the warranties offered by  dealerships and it ' s the same warranty .  all quotes are 100 percent free .  all quotes are obligation free .  dear friend ,  car troubles always seem to happen at the worst  possible time . protect yourself and your family  with a quality extended warranty for your car ,  truck , or suv , so that a large expense cannot hit  you all at once . we cover most vehicles with less  than 150 , 000 miles .  do not buy from a dealer . their prices are often  40 - 60 percent more !  we offer fair prices and prompt , toll - free claims  service . get an extended warranty on your car  today . you will be surprised by how inexpensive  this protection can be !  warranty plans also include , for free :  1 . 24 - hour roadside assistance  2 . rental benefit  3 . trip interruption intervention  4 . extended towing benefit  take advantage of our special offer , before it  expires , by going to :  click _ here  sincerely ,  s . c . valentine  ewfc , inc .  the new netscape 7 . 0 browser is now available . upgrade now ! http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / browsers / download . jsp  get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com /",1
921,"Subject: line ?  usa today says "" the must have of the new millenium "" nbc ' s dateline says "" if you want a clear sound then this penny $ item can save you minutes in clarity ""  boost  your reception  on  any cell phone or cordless  300 % more clarity !  don ' t  buy another phone because of bad recepiton .  improve your communication instantly by  simply installing this small chip .  powerful reception booster  save 70 % . . . as seen on t . v . !  no  other product compares !  ultra - thin and transparent  installs in a second !  power of a 4 ft antenna !  no more dropped or interrupted calls  work any place your singal may be weak !  advertised on t . v . for over 3 times the price .  click  here now  "" . . . it was so easy to  install . . . "" ",1
3768,"Subject: contract summaries  attached are the contract summaries for elba island term sheet , the heogh  galleon and exmar charter parties and the option contract on the 3 rd and 4 th  vessel .  i hope to finish summaries on eco - electrica and jose soon .",0
4876,"Subject: re : energy conference  mark ,  we are really swamped and i would like to keep our involvement in  conferences to a reasonable minimum . i can promise that we shall help you  with a future conference if it happens to be in houston .  vince  mark thabet on 01 / 10 / 2000 12 : 58 : 56 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : energy conference  vince :  i am sorry to hear about your scheduling conflict . your expertise would have  been a great value to our conference . is there anyone else at your company  whom you could recommend as a speaker ? thanks again for your time .  mark thabet  vp , energy shirley crenshaw  subject : re : energy conference  mark ,  i am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict i cannot  speak at  this conference .  i want to thank you for considering me as a speaker .  vince kaminski  mark thabet on 01 / 06 / 2000 09 : 36 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : energy conference  vince :  i have attached a rough draft of the agenda with the topics being  considered  for the conference . it is being held in washington , dc on june  19 - 20 , 2000 .  if your schedule allows , please join our speaking faculty . you will  notice  that the topic on "" forecasting and measuring your exposures to  energy price  risk "" is not currently on the agenda . we can add it once you have a  chance  to check your schedule . i also ask that you make recommendations of  any  colleagues or industry professionals who can add expertise to the  conference  as well .  if you have any questions or concerns , please do not hesitate to  contact me  at 212 - 661 - 3500 x 3181 . i look forward to hearing from you . thank  you once  again for your time and assistance .  >  mark thabet  vp , energy & utilities division  institute for international research  708 third avenue , 4 th floor  new york , ny 10017  t : 212 - 661 - 3500 x 3181  f : 212 - 599 - 2192  >",0
5566,"Subject: re : joao neves  kate ,  i was traveling recently . i shall evaluate the resume  together with my associates and will get back to you thursday .  i shall be glad to meet you on the 13 th .  vince  "" kate szablya "" on 04 / 02 / 2001 04 : 37 : 18 pm  to : "" vince kaminsky ""  cc :  subject : joao neves  vince ,  i wanted to follow up with you to see if you had an opportunity to review  joao neves ' resume , which i sent ? you last wednesday , and to get your  feedback on him .  ?  please ? let me know if you are interested in ? setting up an interview .  ?  also , i will be in houston the afternoon of ? friday , 4 / 13 , and would welcome  the opportunity to meet with you in person , if your schedule allows . ?  ?  i look forward to hearing from you .  ?  regards ,  ?  kate szablya  power brokers , llc  energy search and recruitment  303 - 716 - 2987  303 - 619 - 7589 cell  303 - 716 - 3426 fax  kate @ powerbrokersllc . com  www . powerbrokersllc . com  ?  ?",0
4472,"Subject: sfa licenses  iris :  i forwarded the information to donna lowry in our compliance dept . however ,  i am afraid she had bad news .  enron would sponsor the renewals , but the us securities group does not  recognize uk securities exams without further testing here in the us .  she said she would get back with you and explain it in greater detail . but ,  from what i understand , you will need to take some exam here before renewing .  when you hear from her let me know .  shirley",0
3414,"Subject: re : high - end desktop computing ?  shirley ,  yes , it will be a swap of one machine for another .  vince  shirley crenshaw  03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  vince :  is this ok to order ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000  12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 34 am  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  shirley will order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 "" + )  flat - screen monitor for me .  clayton  mark davidson  03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 52 am  to : clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : high - end desktop computing ?  clayton -  sorry it took so long to get back to you . there are a couple of things to  keep in mind :  - enron it supports enron equipment .  - all equipment must be purchased through "" enron it purchasing ""  our current high end desktop is a 800 mhz pentium iii machine with 128 m of  ram . you can bump up the ram to whatever you feel is appropriate . when the lghz processors come out ( in the very near future ) that will become our  standard .  what we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for .  the "" image "" is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when  it is deployed . if you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image  for , we can ' t support it for a multitude of reasons .  hopefully this answered your questions / concerns .  if not , please call me so that we can discuss this further .  thanks  mark davidson  x 39038  clayton vernon  03 / 14 / 2000 03 : 39 pm  to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : high - end desktop computing ?  mark -  i have developed a model for enron that requires ultra - high - end pc  performance ( it does many calculations in excel ) , and my boss has authorized  me to buy whatever pc i need . i ' m looking at the compaq 850 , but richard ( our  floor rep ) says no pc ' s over the 600 series will be supported by it . i need  to resolve this issue ; we are sophisticated buyers , we know the type of  machine we want , and we have the money to pay for it .  sincerely ,  clayton vernon  manager , research",0
2783,"Subject: enron credit modeling  when we laast spoke , we agreed that you would look to support some of our  development efforts from houston . if possible , i would like to have a quick  conference call this week to figure out where we are and move forward .  thanks",0
1820,"Subject: interview with the enron research group  hello kenneth :  nice talking to you this morning ! below is your interview schedule for  monday , oct . 30 th and directions to the enron bldg . . please let me know  if you need any travel arrangements made .  coming from the northwest part of houston , your best bet would be to  take i - 45 into town . there is quite a bit of construction downtown , so you  will probably have to take the mckinney exit from i - 45 ( you will need to  stay in the left lane as you approach town . exit mckinney to smith street ,  take a right on smith street go to andrews street , take a right on andrews  ( the enron bldg . is on the left ) , pass the enron bldg . cross "" ruthvan "" ( 1 st  stop sign ) and pull into the allen center parking garage ( visitors area on  your right ) . come to the security desk on the lst floor of the enron bldg .  and ask for me . they will call me and i will meet you in the elevator lobby  on the 19 th floor .  monday , october 30 th  9 : 00 am vince kaminski , managing director , research  9 : 30 am zimin lu , director  10 : 00 am vasant , vice president  10 : 30 am krishna krishnarao , director  11 : 00 am paulo issler , manager  11 : 30 am stinson gibner ( he will take you to lunch )  1 : 00 pm molly mcgee ( hr recruiter )  have a safe trip .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  ( 713 - 853 - 5290 )",0
4263,"Subject: promotion for martin lin  sheila ,  a reminder about promoting martin lin from associate to manager . do we have  any leeway on his salary adjustment ? he is currently at 81 k , and i  understand that his new salary can be made retroactive to aug . 1 , 2000 .  thanks ,  stinson",0
1680,"Subject: re : real options openings ?  shirley ,  austin . please , set up an interview with me , stinson , zimin , vasant , grant ,  paulo , krishna . sometimes next week .  let ' s make it a formal interview ( coordinated through elizabeth grant ) .  vince  shirley crenshaw  05 / 08 / 2000 09 : 27 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : real options openings ?  vince :  is this gentleman in houston ? when do you want to bring him over - next  week ?  thanks !  vince j kaminski  05 / 08 / 2000 09 : 25 am  to : christopher m kenyon @ enron  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : real options openings ?  chris ,  we shall make arrangements to bring you over for an interview .  our hr department will contact you later this week .  vince  christopher m kenyon on 05 / 05 / 2000 07 : 56 : 11 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : real options openings ?  dear vince kaminski ,  i was auditing prof dyer ' s real options class on thursday when you spoke  on enron ' s activities in this area . i would be interested in exploring the  possibility of joining the group that works on real options in response to  and in anticipation of enron ' s business requirements . i ' m currently  working in the development and application of real options methodology at  schlumberger . in particular i ' ll be speaking at an industry real options  valuation conference in london ( http : / / www . iqpc . co . uk / finance / rov / ) and i  just had the paper accepted for publication in operations research . could  you pass my resume on to the relevant people to have a look at ?  thanks in advance ,  chris kenyon  - cmkenyon _ cv _ mayo 0 . doc",0
2120,"Subject: component var  tanya ,  some stability tests were performed on the simulation .  ( 1 ) the window size of the averaging in the simulation was changed from 10 to  20 for ng - price ( the biggest book in gas ) for effective date june - 28 . as you  can see in the file 28 ng - price _ windowsize , the component var numbers are very  similar .  ( 2 ) to look at a calculational comparison , i looked at the storage - prc book  ( which has no gamma position ) for effective date of 27 th and ( a ) calculated  ffvols , and ( b ) calculated the riskmetrics var ( the correlations are very high  across the term structure ) and compared to the component var code  calculation , and again the two nubers are comparable , given the different  modes of calculation .  naveen",0
2449,"Subject: re : your mail  zhendong ,  dr . kaminski called me back telling me that he would like to have you as  an intern student in his research department during the summer . please  write him an email as soon as possible to introduce yourself and letting  him know of your expected starting date and ending date . dr . kaminski ' s  email address is vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng",0
868,"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketinq toois  will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1
2607,"Subject: houston trip  hi jaideep !  my first suggestion is that you come to houston as scheduled ( and arranged  with wharton nearly 3 weeks ago ) . alternatively , rely on your tiger  teammates to gather information necessary to respond to the project . should  circumstances lead you to decide not to come for this trip , please return the  ticket issued to you . should it make sense for you to visit enron some time  in the future , we can discuss arrangements at that time .  hope to see you soon !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001  01 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" jaideep singh "" on 01 / 17 / 2001 08 : 58 : 51 pm  to :  cc :  subject : houston trip  hello christie ,  thank you for organizing the wharton trip to enron . unfortunately , the  flight setup for tomorrow is way too early for me as i ' ll have to miss over  4 hours of classes , which i cannot afford to do . i tried changing the time  with continental and there latest flight leaves at 6 pm - which does not work  for me ( smack in the middle of my 3 hour class )  thus the dilemma that i find myself in is the following :  a . try a different flight as i can make any flight after 7 : 30 pm ( however , i  have no control over reservations / budget etc )  b . as it is possible to delay travel upto 1 year , use this ticket to come  some other time  sorry for this but i just saw the bookings today .  any suggestions ?  thanks ,  jaideep",0
2781,"Subject: oleg bodnar  shirley ,  please , put oleg bodnar on jeff shankman ' s and john arnold ' s schedules  for an interview . he should be already on john lavorato ' s schedule .  vince",0
2103,"Subject: video conference with ross mcintyre  vince ,  you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the  vc location for the conference call tomorrow . it is schedule for 4 : 30 pm uk  time ( 10 : 30 am houston time )  ross ' s background is from investment banking ex dresner bank , he has a phd in  mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has  been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools  which they have been marketing to end - users with weather risks .  the attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication .  regards  nick mooney  - mcs . doc  - analytic . doc  - par . doc",0
4536,"Subject: meeting  tracy ,  confirming the meeting tomorrow , thursday , 1 : 30 p . m .  vince kaminski",0
3745,"Subject: re : invitation to speak at infocast ' s upcoming "" market price  volatility "" program  ron ,  i am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict i cannot speak at  this conference .  i want to thank you for considering me as a speaker .  vince kaminski  "" ron henderson "" on 12 / 30 / 99 06 : 57 : 05 pm  please respond to ronh @ . com  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : invitation to speak at infocast ' s upcoming "" market price volatility ""  program  hi vince ,  i would like to invite you , or one of your staff , to be a speaker at  infocast ' s upcoming conference "" market price volatility : how to model ,  assess , and manage price volatility in today ' s power markets , "" scheduled for  may 10 - 12 , 2000 , in chicago . i am attaching a copy of the draft program  agenda for your review . as you may note , we wish to take our recent houston  meeting a step farther by making this next session a more  technically - oriented meeting .  there are two spots you may wish to consider :  1 . the session entitled "" case study in modeling volatility , "" scheduled for  wednesday , may 10 th , from 3 : 30 to 5 : 00 pm . you will note below , what we had  in mind for the case study .  2 . the talk "" a real options approach to asset valuation , "" scheduled for  thursday , may 11 th , from 10 : 30 am to 12 : 00 pm .  i am running behind schedule in finalizing this program , so i will give you  a call shortly to follow up with you . if you wish , please feel free to call  me at 818 - 888 - 4445 ext . 28 .  i hope you can join us .  ron henderson  infocast  818 - 888 - 4445 ext . 28  ronh @ . com  case study guidelines  1 . model should be for a particular market . examples : pjm , chicago , ecar ,  southern california . lb ( optional ) . model should be for a particular purpose . examples : valuing a  new combustion turbine at the florida / georgia border , bidding on a portfolio  of power plants up for sale in nepool , valuing a retail portfolio in  pennsylvania .  2 . model should be estimated on a particular data set . examples : daily nymex  close prices for palo verde , pjm hourly spot prices for 1998 - 1999 .  3 . case study should describe several candidate models , for volatility  and / or market price , that were considered . case study should discuss why  these models were considered . candidate models should be described  mathematically and verbally .  4 . evaluation criteria for choosing among the models should be explicitly  identified , and quantified to the extent possible . examples of evaluation  criteria : residuals that are not autorcorrelated , stationarity , r - squared ,  akaike information criterion .  5 . parameter estimates for each candidate model should be displayed . the  estimation procedure employed should be briefly described .  6 . some diagnostics of model fit ( vis - a - vis data set ) should be presented .  7 . if possible , predictive power of model should be assessed .  generally , the case study should include all of the items above . the case  study may include other things .  - draft agenda v . 2 . doc",0
3228,"Subject: re : here ' s a 4 th try ! ! !  rick ,  i shall ask my assistant to schedule a meeting early next week .  vince  richard b jones @ ees  02 / 01 / 2001 10 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here ' s a 4 th try ! ! !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 02 / 01 / 2001  10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard b jones  01 / 31 / 2001 04 : 39 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here ' s a third try ! ! !  vince ,  while i was at hsb , i designed an insurance or reinsurance financial model  that hsb uses for new product development , pricing different reinsurance  strategies , computing stochastic earnings forecast , and estimating  probabilistic maintenance & repair costs . the code , written in visual basic &  ms access belongs to hsb , and i want to replicate it here for our use at  enron . i would like to arrange a time to specifically talk to you and perhaps  vasant who was briefed on the model , about how we can use your group for the  analytical and programming support to get this model re - constructed .  i have screen outputs from the code and vasant thought the re - design and  construction here at enron is a problem that your group can do . could you let  me know when we can setup an hour to discuss ?  thanks ,  rick jones",0
1444,"Subject: re : alp presentation  christie ,  great ! ! you think big .  it also puts a lot of pressure on the students .  vince  christie patrick  04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : alp presentation  vince and ken ,  please see note below . rice ' s president is planning to attend the presentation and dinner ! i ' ll let you know when i hear from gil ( dean whitaker ) . thanks !  also , please remember that i ' ve scheduled steve kean for lunch ( i ' ll have melinda have lunches brought to the conference room ) . please let me know the exact room number and the exact number of lunches needed from your end .  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  judith duvall on 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 36 : 06 am  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : alp presentation  ms . patrick ,  dr . gillis will attend both events .  judith  at 06 : 01 pm 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > president gillis and dean whitaker ,  >  > enron would be honored with your presense at the presentation set forth  > below .  >  > under the guidance of vince kaminski and his team here at enron , we are  > thoroughly enjoying working with this group of bright and enthusiastic rice  > students . we hope you can join us for the culmination of their significant  > efforts .  >  > please let me know - - thanks ! !  >  > - - christie .  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001  > 05 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  > vince j kaminski  > 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am  >  > to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu ,  > lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu  > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley  > crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron  >  > subject : alp presentation  >  > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project  > presentation by a group of students  > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  >  > the students will present the results of a research project regarding  > electronic trading  > platforms in the energy industry .  >  > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  >  > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  >  >  > vince kaminski  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  >  judith duvall  secretary to the president  rice university  6100 main street - - msl  houston , tx 77005  713 / 348 - 4601  713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax )",0
4847,"Subject: fw : more energy amends  fiona ,  ?  please find attached a brochure for the advertisement of the book . ? it ' s  similar to the other material we sent , so i ' m assuming it will need the same  modifications . ? please pass along all the modifications as soon as  possible . ? receiving the changes from enron is the ? only thing holding up the  printing of the book . ? please let us know if there is anything that you need  from us .  ?  sincerely ,  ?  julie  ?  lacima group  - lres energ der a 4 flyer 2 . pdf",0
2651,"Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  vince ,  welcome to ibuyit , enron ' s integrated procurement through payment solution .  your ibuyit security form has been processed . here is your ibuyit  eprocurement logon information :  user id : po 0503778  password : your date of birth ( format : yyyymmdd - - 19670120 for january 20 ,  1967 )  important : when you first log on to ibuyit eprocurement , you will be prompted  to change your password . you may use the same password you enter when logging  on to other sap - related applications , e . g . , ehronline . should you select a  new password , your password in other sap - related applications will  automatically reset . you only need one password for your sap user id ( pid ) .  ready to launch ibuyit eprocurement ? access it from the ibuyit portal :  for step - by - step documentation on ibuyit eprocurement , click here :  for help , call the isc call center at 713 - 345 - 4727 .  if you have any question regarding this request , please contact sap security .  thanks !  from : raul davila / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 02 pm  to : sap security @ enron  cc :  subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  approved  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : tow , eva on behalf of sap security  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 39 pm  to : davila , raul  cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crenshaw , shirley  subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  raul ,  raul ,  vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along  with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send  your response to sap security .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm  to : sapsecurity @ enron . com  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ibuyit form  attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing  director , research group .  he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 .  >  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001  02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ibuyit form  hi shirley  there were two shirleys , so sending to both  >  isc help desk",0
5659,"Subject: rtp project  john and krishna ,  i am sending you an outline of a conference at stanford on topics related to  demand - side pricing and management in the power markets .  please , let me know if you are personally interested and who else  in your respective organizations would like to attend .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001  08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  hill huntington on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 26 : 55 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : rtp project  vince ,  targetted conference date is th - f june 21 - 22 at stanford . enclosed in the  recent revision to what i sent before .  great to meet you ,  hill  - retail notes . rtf  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /",0
1778,"Subject: re :  thanks vince . i ' ll make the reservation , then send shirley the details to  issue an invite to us all .  steve  vince j kaminski  09 / 20 / 2000 05 : 10 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  steve ,  i shall talk to john sherriff about such issues . my intention  is to vest you with maximum decision making powers . it makes most sense to  me to make decisions where the information resides .  please , invite anjam or alternatively make reservations for dinner and  let shirley know . shirley can send an invitation to everybody in the group  on my behalf . it would be really bad to exclude anjam from the dinner .  it  vince  steven leppard  09 / 20 / 2000 10 : 30 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re :  thanks vince .  dinner on sunday ok all round . do you want anjam along too ? i can ' t really  ask him , given our current relationship .  one other thing , have you had thoughts on reporting lines , who signs  expenses , etc . etc . , or are these issues to be resolved when you come over ?  cheers ,  steve  vince j kaminski  09 / 20 / 2000 04 : 14 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  steve ,  steve , this is the spreadsheet .  also , please , let shirley know if the dinner on sun is ok .  vince",0
3359,"Subject: a visit  joe ,  this is a message from the japanese guy interested in energy risk management .  please , let me know if you want somebody from your organization at the  meeting . he will be here  next monday at 3 : 00 p . m .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000  06 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  masayuki fujita on 03 / 31 / 2000 08 : 36 : 00 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : eugenio perez  subject : a visit  professor vincent kaminski  vice president of research  enron corp .  dear professor kaminski  i , masayuki fujita was the only japanese attendee of the energy  derivatives seminar  in houston last december and a member of japanese consultation firm :  mitsubishi research  institute , inc . i would be very honored if you can meet with me 17 or 18  april after  attending energy trading summit in 12 th - 14 th . as you know , japanese  electricity trading is  on the way of deregulation beneficial to the consumers from a long stage of  the nine major  companies ' regional monopoly . we are giving a hand to help the ministry and  industry to  find the right course of them . i and my colleague yamada , who will attend risk  publications monte calro seminar in four seasons hotel , would like to visit  you and your  company for studying the sophisticated risk management at enron . in return ,  we may give  you the information about recent institutional progress and major electricity  companies  response in japan .  we are now personally translating your book "" managing energy price risk ""  second  edition and wondering if you have not given the right to publish in japanese  and nay give  us the chance to help you introduce modern technology to manage energy risk  in the  japanese energy industry .  i do not hope japanese english power prevent me to pass my sincerity to  you and i can  visit you soon .  best regards ,  masayuki fujita  principal financial engineer  financial technologies section  mitsubishi research institute , inc .  3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku  tokyo 100 - 8141  japan  tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582  fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521",0
3002,"Subject: re : eprm 2001 houston  layla ,  my associate ' s name is tanya tamarchenko . the  e - mail address is : tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com .  location is the same as mine , enron , 1400 smith , houston .  thanks  vince  p . s . shirley , please send my bio to layla  "" layla o ' leary "" on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 33 : 00 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : eprm 2001 houston  yes , that ' s fine . if you can please give me her full contact details  including e - mail and address i will have her registered as a co - speaker .  if you would like to bring your own copies to the event i would ask you to  send 200 copies directly to the venue . although if you can get it to me on  friday i can still insert it !  could i please trouble you for a short biography ?  kind regards  layla  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 02 may 2001 15 : 38  to : loleary @ riskwaters . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : eprm 2001 houston  layla ,  a few points .  i shall be glad to attend the reception .  i am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . sorry for the delay .  i can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my  presentation  ( or a day before ) . i have done it on two occasions before ( power 2000 and  power 1999 ) :  the copies were produced by our company copy center at no cost to you .  my associate , tanya tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the  presentation and  i would like her to deliver part of my speach . it ' s only fair to give her  the credit when the  credit is due . is it ok to include her as an additional speaker ?  vince  "" layla o ' leary "" on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 04 : 52 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : eprm 2001 houston  dear speaker ,  pre - congress cocktail reception - sunday 13 th may @ 5 : 30 pm in the juniper  room  we would be delighted to have you attend our pre - congress cocktail  reception . we will be extending this invitation to all our sponsors ,  exhibitors and eprm / risk waters group staff . we hope this will provide a  perfect opportunity for you to meet all our staff and clients before the  formal opening of eprm 2001 usa  + rsvp  i would also like to remind you that i need any missing presentations by  thursday 3 rd may . it is essential that i get these in as the delegates  rely  on these to make notes and get very upset if they are not included in the  packs .  if you still haven ' t informed me of your av requirements , please do so as  quickly as possible . i also require a short biography .  i would like to point out that i will not be taking any presentations on  disk to the event . if you are using a laptop , your presentation should be  loaded onto the laptop that you bring with you . you must bring your own  laptop and disc , with connecting cables .  any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .  kind regards  layla o ' leary  event co - ordinator  risk waters group  haymarket house  28 - 29 haymarket  london  swly 4 rx  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800",0
4943,"Subject: re : clewlow and strickland book  steve ,  i can order the books at 15 % discount . i am sending you  4 copies today and will be glad to order more on your behalf .  vince  steven leppard  01 / 23 / 2001 04 : 22 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect  subject : clewlow and strickland book  hi vince  is there any way we can lay our hands on clewlow and strickland ' s new book at  a preferential price ?  steve",0
5261,"Subject: re : one last reminder and then i will be quiet  e - mail is perfect . it allows me to just dump your grades directly into our  database . i do then sign a hard copy ( indicating that i am signing in  proxy for you ) to hand over to the registrar . if you prefer , you could fax  the information as well ( 713 - 348 - 5251 ) . thank you for your help ! - pam  ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  at 05 : 39 pm 4 / 24 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > please , let me know how i can submit the grades .  > i gave my students april the 30 th as a deadline to submit  > their reports and i shall be able to send you the grades by may the 4 th .  >  > is e - mail ok ?  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > pamela vande krol castro on 04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 11 : 23 am  >  > to : ( recipient list suppressed )  > cc : werckle @ ruf . rice . edu , spradlin @ ruf . rice . edu  > subject : one last reminder and then i will be quiet  >  >  > one last reminder . .  > today is really your last day for scheduling final exams with linda werckle  > ( 3463 ) . she will be out of town after today until exams begin .  >  > also , please remember to turn in your grades for all of your graduating  > seniors by friday , may 4 th . this is the university deadline so we cannot  > miss this date . the registrar needs final information on each student in  > order to verify their graduating status .  >  > as always - thank you for your help !  >  > pamela castro  > mba program associate  > rice university  > 713 - 348 - 6223",0
1374,"Subject: manoj gupta - interview schedule  attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen monday , april 16 , 2001 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  sasha divelbiss  58714",0
5361,"Subject: again , i should have also sent the following mail yesterday .  . . . i guess now i should also apologise for filling up your mail box !  have a good weekend ,  kirstee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kirstee hewitt / lon / ect on 28 / 07 / 2000  20 : 22 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : kirstee hewitt 27 / 07 / 2000 18 : 10  to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  hi - i have run the model for the 26 th and have the following results :  i have also updated the correlations to include silver and the gold .  the tc delta ( treatment charges ) are positions only for copper conentrate and  do not  contain any positions due to zinc or lead .  could you take a look at the figues as this is the first time i have done a  full run and  would like to make sure that i have done things correctly .  i will definitely call to discuss the prices for gold and cocoa beans - the  tc price curve is  another issue however , at the moment we do not have anything other than a  spot price and  a 1 year price so i think we will probably have to set it as a constant .  i have to talk to andreas soon as he is awaiting my comments on point ( 2 ) of  his email that  i forwarded in my last mail .  also , you will can see that i have subtracted any positions that are from r  wolf in the mercur download -  this was point ( 1 ) of his note .  as a quick question ?  do you think it is worth including zinc concentrate ( 18400 dmt ) and lead  concentrate ( 920 dmt ) ?  i think we may need to check the tc price for these and the conversion for  the one given in the model for copper as  i think that the original historical price file ( tchistory ) is quoted in c / lb  - i guess this is cents / pound ? rather  than $ / dmt which is the units that position is quoted in .  speak to you soon  kirstee",0
4507,"Subject: re : tage resume submittal  vince ,  thanks for forwarding the resume . we have generally had great success with  ex - koch people .  he sounds might like he may be a good fit for michael l . miller in principal  investments . at this point  i have very recently inherited two other stron vps from ei and therefore will  probably focus on a few  manager and associates for the near term but i would like to keep james '  resume for further opportunities .  he sounds like someone we should at least meet with and figure out a spot  within wholesale services .  what do you think ?  regards ,  - larry -",0
2012,"Subject: re : dale nesbitt meeting tues  margaret ,  i shall try to invite hunter shiveley who is in charge of gas market  fundamentals .  vince  margaret carson @ enron  11 / 02 / 2000 09 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron  subject : dale nesbitt meeting tues  vince do you plan on inviting anyone from the power issues side  - - perhaps ben jacoby , julie gomez , jean mrha , scott neal to this meeting ?  thanks margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 11 / 02 / 2000  09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : john goodpasture 11 / 01 / 2000 05 : 53 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , mike  mcgowan / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron , robert  hill / npng / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : danny mccarty / lon / ect @ ect , bill cordes / et & s / enron @ enron , michael  moran / et & s / enron @ enron , rod hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron  subject : dale nesbitt meeting  margaret carson is going to join us in the meeting next week with nesbitt .  vince will check with ena to see if they also want to attend . i would also  like to determine if ets and / or nbp would want to send a representative ( s ) ,  although margaret said she would take copious notes for distribution to other  key players as necessary . we should ask nesbitt how he would structure a  deal for multiple clients ( eg . ets , nbp , ena , and maybe el paso ) .  [ we need to remain aware of any "" affiliate "" issues that may result , and make  certain that we are in complete compliance with the regs . ]  i will wait until after our meeting with nesbitt before deciding if / how to  approach el paso . presumably , if asked to particpate , they would share the  cost and have independent access to any working model that is developed .  jng  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john goodpasture / ots / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000  04 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 30 / 2000 04 : 42 pm  to : john goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : dale nesbitt  john ,  i talked to dale nesbitt . he suggested that the best way to evaluate his  model is to  go through a one week intensive project with assistance of somebody from his  company .  our cost is a flat fee of $ 12 , 500 that would be deducted from the purchase  price of $ 55 , 000 ,  in case we buy the software package .  the price of 55 k is indicative and will be adjusted based on the required  level of support .  dale will be in houston next week . i have tentatively invited him to visit  with us on tuesday ,  november 7 , at 3 : 00 p . m . he will adjust if you are busy at this time .  please , let me know what you think .  vince",0
195,"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding website  wiii make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your  company wili automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isguite clear that  without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
121,"Subject: re : ink prices got you down ? 11956  would you like to  save up to 80 %  on printer , fax  copier supplies ?  on  brands like -  epson  canon  hewlett  packard  lexmark  more !  100 %  quality satisfaction guarantee or your money back !  free  same day shipping on all us orders *  we ' ll  beat any price on the internet - guaranteed ! * *  click  here to order now !  or  call us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 !  * free shipping only on  orders of $ 40 or more . * * we beat any online retailer ' s price by 5 % .  call us with the url ( website ) advertising the lower price and once we  verify the price , we will beat it by 5 % ! ( must be same manufacturer )  you  are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to  receive email communications regarding special online promotions or  offers . if you feel you have received this message in error , or wish to  be removed from our subscriber list , click  here . thank you and we apologize for any inconvenience . ",1
161,"Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  lf you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in piaces  where people search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitipie search enqines .  submit your website oniine  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  cecilybaxter _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
4469,"Subject: re : volume ii of the technical corner collection  sam ,  yes , let ' s omit the guys who left the company , but we can include  the summer interns .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : william smith @ enron 01 / 09 / 2001 01 : 56 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : volume ii of the technical corner collection  vince ,  sounds good ! it will take two or three days for me to strip out , reformat ,  and assemble the kaminski columns ( since we didn ' t do this last year , i ' m  guessing you mean all columns since the beginning ) , so i envision us being  ready with the completed set the first part of next week . i assume that you  would like me to omit those people who have moved on ?  also , on page three of the first volume , you had written an introduction . i  have updated the content for volume two , but would you perhaps like to do a  new one ?  sam  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 09 / 2001 01 : 43 pm  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : volume ii of the technical corner collection  sam ,  this is a partial list of people to whom i would like to send the volumes :  volume 1 & 2  winokur ( enron board member , shirley has his address )  jeff skilling  ken lay  mark frevert  greg whalley  rick buy  jeff shankman  john lavorato  dave delainey  i shall write the cover letter .  also , we can add additional volume for kaminski ' s columns ( just 10 copies ) ,  including bios and my contributions .  i would like to show the depth of talent we have in the group .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : william smith @ enron 01 / 09 / 2001 01 : 07 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : volume ii of the technical corner collection  vince ,  i have successfully integrated martin ' s article into volume ii and am  following mike ' s instructions for reproduction . i ' m also having some  additional volume i ' s printed , too . would you mind disposing of the other  set i gave you ? i wouldn ' t want things to get confused . also , i ' m doing 20  volume i ' s and 60 volume ii ' s . please let me know how many you personally  need and i will deliver them to your office .  thank you ,  sam",0
1765,"Subject: maddox  vince ,  here is michael maddox contact information :  tel : ( 617 ) 497 6446  email : mmaddox @ cera . com  they have an office in europe as well . i would love to be involved in projects involving georgia , azerbaijan , turkey , etc .  my resume  thanks ,  bessik matchavariani  enron broadband services  tel : 713 . 345 . 7230  fax : 713 . 646 . 8861  bessik _ matchavariani @ enron . net",0
4851,"Subject: interviewing for the associate and analyst programs  the off - cycle department of the associate and analyst program is looking for  volunteer interviewers for the following dates :  thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m  thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m .  thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m .  over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates  will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as  princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of  illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews .  pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and  attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to  further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning .  also there will be continental breakfast at from 7 : 45 a . m . to 8 : 45 a . m . ( for  all three dates ) and a luncheon from 12 : 30 p . m . - 2 : 00 p . m . ( on nov . 9 and  nov . 16 th ) , the lunch will be at 1 : 30 for the dec . 7 th . interviewers are  welcome to attend both the breakfast and the lunch on their interviewing  date . the interviewing , breakfast and lunch will take place at the  doubletree hotel downtown .  we are asking enron employees associate ( associates who have been with the  program for at least one year ) level or higher to volunteer at least one  hour to interview candidates ( this will be 2 interviews ) . if you can  volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the stated  dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact my  assistant , cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible ,  if you can volunteer any time for interviewing .  if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me .  once again , thanks ,  althea  althea p . gordon , jd  recruiter  associate & analyst programs",0
747,"Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details  the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 37 gmt  from [ 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 ]  - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - -  ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 user unknown )  - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - -  . . . while talking to localhost :  > > > data  . . . user unknown  < < < 503 5 . 5 . 1 no recipients",1
4875,"Subject: fw : london work  hi ,  how are you ? london seems to be the same as when i left in august - no sun ,  cold , serious looking people , expensive , etc . in addition , we have had may  day riots , a post office bombing , train strike , etc . not to mention all the  excitement in enron credit .  it would be nice to know who i am supposed to be reporting to . i am getting  loads of conflicting messages - as illustrated in the forwarded email from  vasant . according to you and slava , the strategy paper / duffie report seems  to be a higher priority . however , vasant seems to indicate ( in his forwarded  email ) that this is not the priority at the moment .  in addition , there seems to be lots of chaos in enron credit - not only in  the houston office , but even more so in the london office . this brings to  mind a russian proverb i learned from slava when he expressed his views on  the current state of enron credit - "" a fish rots from the head . ""  finally , i would like to know exactly what you want me to write in this  duffie report : do you want to hear what enron credit would like to hear -  that all they need is for us to develop a private firm model for their  exisiting "" infrastructure "" ? or do you want to hear what i really see , hear ,  read , etc . ? if the latter is true , then i may need to write two reports ,  because what i am learning does not look too good and would probably not make  the enron credit personnel too happy .  well , i think i have said enough for now . look forward to your feedback .  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shanbhogue , vasant  sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 3 : 39 pm  to : mack , iris  cc : dhar , amitava  subject : london work  hi iris ,  amitava must have told you that both he and i are getting swamped with work  here . as a result , we expect you to take the lead in scoping the enron  credit project and making sure the infrastructure is readied . you should  also make sure to understand the econometric / data analysis software side of  the project - - this is probably more important than preparing a document for  duffie right now . you should definitely sit with ben / george and actually run  the software with them to get a feel for how it is to be used . but we also  need to be able to try out potential other ways of analyzing data . both  amitava and i will help as best as we can , and answer any direct questions ,  but we will have limited time to review documents , etc . i expect amitava to  get heavily involved once data starts coming , but we expect you to have  already set up the infrastructure etc for the data .  hope the trip is going well . would you be extending the trip for some more  time ?  vasant",0
1647,"Subject: combinatorial auction - jan 11 mtg background  - - - - - forwarded by greg woulfe / enron communications on 12 / 28 / 00 09 : 58 am - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  12 / 22 / 00 05 : 08 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , greg woulfe / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc :  subject : combinatorial auction  stinson and greg ,  i have read the paper "" combinatorial auction with multiple winners for  universal service "" from richard steinberg and frank kelly . they propose a  combinatorial auction which is an auction for multiple items that allows  bidders to realize their synergies on combinations of items . the  combinatorial auction is appropriated for bandwidth commodity because most  bidders in the market have synergies on the combination of items . for  example , if we want to get bandwidth between boston and dc , we would bid for  boston - ny and ny - dc . it will be valuable to us only if we won both links . if  we won only one link , it will be useless .  in the paper , they propose the auctioning method but their method has not  been tested or validated yet . i have not checked their proposition  mathematically but their paper was published in management science so i think  it should be all right . i will look at it in more details and let you know .  anyhow , there are also other combinatorial auctions that are actually used ,  for example , the alberta government ' s ppa auction that enron canada was  participated 3 - 4 months ago .  based on our long position on bandwidth , auction and exchange might be a good  channel to dispose our unused ( or unsold ) bandwidth . i know there is not much  demand in the market . but if we open a combinatorial auction or exchange , we  might be able to increase our market share . ( by taking demand from our  competitors ) . i believe , at the moment , there are no bandwidth exchanges that  allow "" combinatorial "" bids . if we are the first one to do it , we might  improve our sale channel and gain some market share . ( note : auction - > one  seller and many buyers : exchange - > many sellers and many buyers . )  moreover , i think auctioning the unsold bandwidth will not hurt us because we  cannot sell them anyway . in addition , we ourselves can be a dummy bidder in  the system and bid in the auction . if the current wining bid is too low , we  can just over - bid it and keep the product . this way , we can indirectly put a  reserve price on the products .  let ' s meet sometime in the first week of january .  - chonawee",0
4048,"Subject: re : wednesday lunch - credit group  hi , everybody ,  get ready for our lunch meeting : this wednesday , april 19 , the  "" new credit model development and testing team "" is going to go to vincent ' s  restaurant .  the address is 2701 w . dallas , the reservation is made for 11 : 30 a . m .  see you there ,  tanya .",0
3294,"Subject: eol project  vince ,  just to update you on how things are going with regard to eol -  i had a meeting with john arnold yesterday to show him what had been  accomplished to date , and i think that he was fairly impressed by the  information available . i asked him for his input , and he expressed his  interest in having a couple of reports made up that couldn ' t be created from  the format the data was in . i spoke to clayton about this , and he has already  made changes that will reflect a number of the modifications john requested .  i am also continuing to research the issue of an automated trading platform  for eol . i have some information about how the nasdaq operates , and i have  looked at some websites for ecns , such as archipelago , island and instinet . i  have also had a look at the international securities exchange ( ise ) web - site ,  but they do not seem to explain much about their system . any further  suggestions would be appreciated .  i want to find out more about where eol is currently and what modifications  may be necessary in the existing system , finish reading the material at the  websites i have investigated , and then i will try to put together a  presentation for you and / or greg whalley .  tom",0
616,"Subject: quick cash !  sell your timeshare !  if you ' re interested in selling or renting  your timeshare or vacation membership  we can help !  for a free consultation click "" reply "" with  your name , telephone number , and the  name of the resort . we will contact you  shortly !  removal instructions :  to be removed from this list , please  reply with "" remove "" in the subject line .  http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork",1
5240,"Subject: meeting while in houston  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pedro fernando manrique @ enron _ development  09 / 26 / 2000 12 : 26 pm  to : maureen raymond @ ect  cc :  subject : meeting while in houston  maureen ,  i just wanted to thank you for all your time and your great advice and  support . i enjoyed talking to you and learning from your experience and also  meeting all these people involved in f / x trading activities .  i just want to ask you if you could send me over the mail the latest forward  curves so that we use them to update our long - term plan . for the short term i  will contact pushkar going forward .  thanks again and i look forward to talk to you again .  regards ,  pedro fernando",0
1580,"Subject: re : eci id for stinson  steve -  could you please escalate per our conversation  thank you  paula  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paula corey / enron communications on  01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner @ ect  01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 09 am  to : timothy morita - mcvey / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc : paula corey / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron  communications @ enron communications  subject : re : eci id for stinson  timothy :  i still have a problem . when i am on the eci network i cannot receive  email , and , even worse , i cannot even send email . this is not an  acceptable situation . i need to have a fully functional email account on  the eci side as well as the ena side . don ' t tell me that its against  policy because i know that ravi thuraisingham has already be set up this way  for months . i don ' t care if mail from one network is forwarded to the  other as i will have access in houston to both , but i can already see that i  need to have functional accounts on both sides , or it will be a continual  thorn in my side when travelling to portland , etc . . .  again thanks for your help on getting this set up correctly ,  - - stinson gibner  x 34748  from : timothy morita - mcvey @ enron communications on 01 / 19 / 2000 10 : 20 am pst  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron  cc :  subject : re : eci id  thanks stinson ,  that should give me what i need .  i understand that you will have two notes id ' s with the eci mail forwarded to  your "" stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron "" address .  i should be able to complete this today ( later today )  thanks ,  timothy morita - mcvey  lotus notes administrator  enron communications , inc .  503 . 886 . 0390  timothy _ morita - mcvey @ enron . net  stinson gibner @ ect  01 / 19 / 00 09 : 07 am  to : timothy morita - mcvey / enron communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : eci id  i must have written down your phone number incorrectly , it did not work .  regarding my user id on the eci network , i would be set up in the same way  as ravi thuraisingham with an id on both the ena and the eci networks . i am  in the corp . research group but am spending about 80 % of my time in support  of eci in the trading and origination areas .  feel free to contact me if you need any further info .  - - stinson  houston x 34748",0
4696,"Subject: re : alberto jimenez ( analyst program )  alberto ,  we would definitely be interested in talking to you when you get to  houston . i will have our assistant , shirley crenshaw , set up some time for  you to meet with people in our group , which would include myself , zimin lu ,  and vince kaminski .  best regards ,  - - stinson  "" alberto jimenez crespo "" on 01 / 24 / 2000  11 : 43 : 53 am  please respond to a _ jimenezcrespo @ mailcity . com  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : alberto jimenez ( analyst program )  dear mr . gibner :  it was very interesting talking to you during enron ' s recruiting weekend the  first week of last december .  i am starting as an analyst next february and i have alot of interest in real  options . i have done much of my research in the application of real options  in the valuation of oil and mining properties using black - scholes , merton ,  binomial lattices , etc . i have also done forecast of commodity prices such as  copper and oil using both , a geometric brownian motion and a mean reverting  process .  i remember in our conversation you told me that your department is very  involved with real options so i would like to know if there is an opportunity  to talk either on the phone or once i am in houston the first week for the  orientation . because i am very interested in working in your department . i  won ' t be in houston until february 6 th , but you can reach me at 310 390 7817  or ajimenez @ mines . edu  looking forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  alberto jimenez  lycoshop . thousands of products ! one location !  http : / / shop . lycos . com /",0
5453,"Subject: storage story  see my storage story that begins on 1 . plus you might find the issue to be  of interest . i will be doing little occasionally fee pieces for the  transportation &  storage report and will be having lunch with them tomorrow so any thoughts  you have on my piece or the report would be appreciated .  best regards ,  jhherbert  - tso 6 - 29 . pdf",0
1023,"Subject: i missed you 24632  if amateurs is what you want , then we have them .  take a look at these hardcore sites . young hottt teens ! ! !  these are the best of the best when it comes to amateurs .  don ' t believe me ? take a look for yourself .  amateur petite  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  all natural tight coeds ! ! !  petite natural breasted amateurs ! !  exclusive amateur xxx videos ! ! !  hundreds of exclusive petite amateur models ! !  click here to check out the action ! ! ! !  http : / / tour 2 . amateurpetite . com / ? 1087  http : / / tour 2 . amateurpetite . com / ? 1087  ample amateurs  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  breasts . women have them , men love them . and for some men ( and women ! ) that old adage  "" the bigger the better "" holds true ! and you ' ll find plenty to hold on to here - our stable of stacked  exclusive ample amateurs will make your mouth water and your hands tired just looking at them !  http : / / tour 2 . ampleamateurs . com / ? 1087  http : / / tour 2 . ampleamateurs . com / ? 1087  amateur smut  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the smuttiest xxx amateurs on the web ! ! !  real amateurs in explicit photo shoots  1 , 000 ' s of high quality smut pics ! ! !  pics of "" the horny girl next door ""  nasty amateurs gone wild ! ! !  http : / / tourl . amateursmut . com / ? 1087  http : / / tourl . amateursmut . com / ? 1087  to be taken off this mailing list , simply hit your  reply button and put "" remove "" anywhere in the subject .",1
3997,"Subject: book  vince ,  ?  i have made contact with fiona grant , director public relations and  communications enron europe limited , and she mentioned that there are some  changes to your bios , which are located both on the cover and in the  preliminary section in "" about the authors "" . ? we would appreciate it if you  could help in ? collecting or passing along these edits ? since these ? are ? the  only items delaying the printing of the book . ?  thanks vince .  ?  regards ,  julie  ?  ?",0
162,"Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more !  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wiil make the task much easier .  we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your  company wili automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
3008,"Subject: colleagues ,  i will be leaving enron next week . friday , september 8 , will be my last day . i  enjoyed knowing and working with you . for the time being , i can be reached at  takriti @ att . net .  - samer",0
2101,"Subject: to ops - revised february bod approved risk management policy  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 02 / 18 / 2001  10 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : cassandra schultz  02 / 18 / 2001 10 : 26 pm  to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c  gossett / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect ,  brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , sheila  glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , brenda f  herod / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / eu / enron @ enron ,  andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , orjan  agdesteen / osl / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , marcelo parra / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa ,  louis colarusso / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , heidi  mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron ,  kevin rhodes / eu / enron @ enron , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect  cc : sally beck , shona wilson , chris abel  subject : to ops - revised february bod approved risk management policy  attached is the revised risk management policy incorporating the bod ' s  changes - please discard the previously circulated version i sent out prior  to the bod meeting . i ' ve also included a recap of substantive changes since  the october 2000 version that was circulated to you in conjuction with the  compliance certificates last fall , but you should read the policy to enhance  your understanding , and distribute it to your groups as some changes are  significant and are detailed further in the policy . i did notify the office  of the chair for each of your business units of these changes earlier this  week , and i will also provide them with a copy of the revised policy .  if you have any questions , feel free to give me a call at x 30429 .  regards ,  cassandra schultz  market risk management",0
4570,"Subject: prof . carmona  yannis ,  i have looked at the outline of the proposed course and  find that practically all the topics of the program are the  staple of what we do every day . i don ' t think research should spend  money for this class .  if we want to establish a relationship , we can easily do it  by asking him to work on a research project .  vince",0
1440,"Subject: re : alex ' s paper  comments :  1 . in the sentence between eqn . 3 and eqn . 4 , i think "" annualized  volatility "" should replace "" annualized standard deviation . ""  2 . as to the comment , "" immediately we see something quite  counter - intuitive . "" i would disagree . i think that its quite intuitive  that this model should get closer to the black - scholes price as what is  defined as the "" jump "" component becomes just part of the main price  distribution , which happens if we define a jump to be only a 1 - sigma  event . the table does show , however , that the results of using this model  are very sensitive to exactly how you choose to define a "" jump "" ( i . e . 2 - sigma  or 3 - sigma . . . events ) , and this is one difficulty in using the model in  practice .  3 . in the paragraph after the table , i don ' t understand the argument about  hedging the option . especially about buying a swap which would pay on the  difference between the strike and fs . this seems non - sensical .  4 . i could not follow the logic of the last two sentences of the article , so  this point should probably be explained more clearly .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  08 / 18 / 2000 08 : 15 am  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , alex  huang / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : alex ' s paper  minor changes i made to alex ' s paper .  vince",0
172,"Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender  this is the postfix program at host relayl . netspace . net . au .  i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be  be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below .  for further assistance , please send mail to  if you do so , please include this problem report . you can  delete your own text from the attached returned message .  the postfix program  : host mail - in . netspace . net . au [ 210 . 15 . 254 . 248 ] said :  550 : recipient address rejected :  gperkes @ netspace . net . au has expired ( in reply to rcpt to command )",1
971,"Subject: will this stox rock ?  we told you to watch ! ! !  it ' s still not too late !  trading alert ! ! !  timing is everything ! ! !  profits of 200 - 400 % expected trading  symbol : cdgt . ob  opening price : 3 . 15  yes , it is moving , wednesday could be even bigger ! ! !  10 day target : $ 7 - $ 8  news alert !  * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * *  press release source : china digital media corporation  china digital media corporation announces an acquisition of a media and  advertising agent in china  hong kong , july 13 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation  ( "" digimedia "" ) ( otc : cdgt . ob ; otc bulletin board : cdgt . ob ) with its subsidiaries  ( together the "" group "" ) announced today that the group signed a shares  transfer agreement ( the "" agreement "" ) to acquire an advertising sales agent ,  guangdong m - rider media company limited ( "" guangdong m - rider "" ) , a limited  company registered in guangdong in the peoples republic of china . the  principal operating activities of guangdong m - rider are in design ,  production and distribution of advertisements through television channels .  guangdong m - rider is one of the top five reputed advertising agents in the  guangdong province and is currently a sole advertising distributor for a  number of television channels in guangdong province and in guangzhou city .  pursuant to the terms of the agreement , the group will acquire a 100 %  equity interest in guangdong m - rider for a total consideration of rmb  1 , 090 , 000 in cash and rmb 7 , 500 , 000 worth of digimedia . s restricted common  shares . the management of guangdong m - rider in the agreement warrants that  the net operating cash inflow in the first year will not be less than rmb  10 , 000 , 000 .  cdgt . ob is expecting to make an acquisition , once this announcement comes out  the street should give applause in the form of upward movement in the stock  price . the stock could trade around $ 6 - $ 8 per share on this type of news .  get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy on the rumor and sell on the news .  once the news is out it is time to get ready for next valley .  a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in  just one trade if you trade out at the top . cdgt . ob should be one of the  most profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has  potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you  should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come .  you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading .  cdgt . ob over and over again .  cdgt . ob is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short the  stock . any significant volume spike in chms could yield drastic results .  if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying the shares  from you at higher prices . this makes this stock a triple play for profits .  for pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over  and over again just based on the trading patterns if the company is  able to effectuate it ' s business model .  watch out ! ! !  we could see a great story in the making .  good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! !  disclaimer :  information within this email contains "" forwardlooking statements "" within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be "" forward  looking statements "" . "" forward looking statements "" are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" , "" will "" , "" anticipates "" ,  "" estimates "" , "" believes "" , "" understands "" or that by statements indicating  certain actions "" may "" , "" could "" , or "" might "" occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .",1
5679,"Subject: invitations to presentation only  hi christie ,  when do you sleep ? 2 am , ugh !  ok , you were correct , my invitation was to those people within enron that the students talked with before interviewing competitors , and it was an invitation to the presentation only . i didn ' t think any of them would be invited to the dinner , and probably none will even come to the presentation . the invitation did elicit one request for the final report though , so maybe it wasn ' t a complete waste .  i didn ' t realize that the dinner had turned into a box visit . that sounds great . i wish the group could have made it to dinner before the first game , that would have made the whole slumming experience better . now they ' ll get the royal treatment at enron field . it ' ll be great .  vince invited 4 people from rice :  dennis w . loughridge , director of energy consortium ; lounghrid @ rice . edu  carrie miller , director of mba program ; cmiller @ rice . edu  deborah barrett , inst . communications , barrett @ rice . edu  dr . wil uecker , associate dean for executive education , uecker @ rice . edu  loughridge wrote back saying he ' ll come , i don ' t know about the others  here are the 6 students emails :  "" ritwik \ ( ronnie \ ) ghosh "" , "" ivy ghose "" , "" luigi calabrese "" , "" pravas sud "" , "" syed \ ( farhan \ ) iqbal ""  your 2 from rice makes a total of 12 from rice , i guess  let me know if you would like me to do anything else related to monday  look forward to seeing you then  ken",0
1583,"Subject: re : executive program on credit risk modeling  tanya ,  please , ask him to make the arrangements .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : executive program on credit risk modeling  yes , i think it is useful for vincent to attend the program .  tanya .  vince j kaminski  05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 50 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : executive program on credit risk modeling  tanya ,  another thought .  should vincent go as well ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000  09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  05 / 22 / 2000 08 : 10 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : executive program on credit risk modeling  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000  08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" kashiwamura , shelby "" on 05 / 18 / 2000  02 : 03 : 19 pm  to : "" isero , alicia "" , "" kashiwamura , shelby ""  cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  subject : executive program on credit risk modeling  subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  october 15 - 20 , 2000  at stanford university business school  risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of finance  darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their successful  executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for financial  institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research staff , and  traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related products ,  including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and credit  derivatives .  this program includes :  * valuation models for defaultable bonds , otc derivatives , and credit  derivatives , with empirical applications to corporate and sovereign markets  * empirical and theoretical assessments of models for measuring credit  risk , with correlation , for portfolios  * the strengths and limitations of current practice in credit risk  measurement  * practical issues in implementing credit modeling and risk systems  * estimation of default and transition probabilities , and the  correlations among the default risks of publicly traded companies , from  historical data  application form :  credit risk modeling for financial institutions  stanford , october 15 - 20 , 2000  this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed and sent  by fax to :  stanford gsb executive education programs  fax number : 650 723 3950  you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web  site at :  www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed / crm  applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not received an  acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us .  please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly confidential .  name :  put an x beside one , please : male : female :  citizenship :  job title :  company :  your company ' s main activity :  business mailing address :  business phone ( all codes please ) :  business fax :  email address :  home address :  home phone :  nickname for identification badge :  emergency contact name :  emergency contact phone :  title of person to whom you report :  your job responsibilities and experience related to this course : ( please  provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical summary  containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications for the  course . )  college or university education : please list , by degree :  college or university dates degree granted  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  please note :  all classes and discussions are conducted in english .  in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of us $ 7 , 500 is  due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition , single  room , meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript on  credit risk pricing and measurement ) .  our refund policy is available upon request .  please state the source from which you heard about this course :  name and date :  if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please contact :  ( make sure to include your mailing address )  shelby m . kashiwamura  program manager  executive education  stanford graduate school of business  ( 650 ) 723 - 9356 phone  ( 650 ) 723 - 3950 fax  kashiwamura _ shelby @ gsb . stanford . edu",0
1700,Subject: lance ' s telephone  hi vince :  lance ' s telephone # is : ( 512 ) 280 - 5052 .,0
912,"Subject: how are ya ?  hey , how ya been ? long time no see .",1
2117,"Subject: risk report on "" guide to electricxity hedging "" and request for gu  est access to enrononline  louise ,  it would be a good commercial for enron . what can we do to help him and  get free publicity ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2000  01 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ekrapels on 01 / 18 / 2000 12 : 00 : 12 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : risk report on "" guide to electricxity hedging "" and request for gu  est access to enrononline  dear vince ,  greetings from boston , where we ' re doing all we can to help keep the price  of gas high .  as i may have told you earlier , i ' m writing a "" guide to electricity hedging ""  for risk publications similar to the report on oil . i had planned to write a  significant section on enrononline , and in the midst of my research on the  topic was denied access by enron ' s gatekeeper . can you help get me in ?  as always , the best from here .  ed krapels  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : donna greif [ mailto : dcorrig @ ect . enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , january 18 , 2000 12 : 37 pm  to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com  subject : request for guest access  dear mr . krapels :  thank you for requesting guest access to enrononline . unfortunately , we are  unable to give you quest access at this time .  enrononline is exclusively for those companies who can transact wholesale  energy  commodities and related products .  in addition , you had indicated within the comments section of your email  that  you are preparing a "" guide to electricity hedging ""  for risk publications . i have forwarded your inquiry to our public  relations  department along with your contact information .  should you not hear back from anyone within a reasonable amount of time ,  please  feel free to contact our call center at  713 853 - help ( 4357 ) .  sincerely ,  donna corrigan greif  enrononline help desk  713 / 853 - 9517  - attl . htm",0
4728,"Subject: very rough draft of the "" enron strategic plan "" to be sent to  professor duffie  hi ,  as per your request , here is a very rough draft of the document you  requested . it is far from being complete .  hopefully while in london i will have time to work on it some more .  your comments and feedback would be greatly appreciated .  thanks ,  iris",0
2141,"Subject: dr . gabriel bitran  vince ,  fyi .  prof . gabriel bitran of the m . i . t . management science department is planning  to visit ebs on wednesday , aug . 9 , to discuss research topics which might be  of interest to ebs . ( this is amit dhadwal ' s advisor . ) he still has 25 k of  funding to use for research , but we are having a hard time coming up with a  mutually suitable topic . i have asked samer to work with him in trying to  come up with a research subject .  stinson",0
3476,"Subject: re : vacation  vincent :  congratulations ! please take whatever time is necessary .  i hope the complications are only with the in - laws and not the police / u . s .  immigration , etc .  let me know if there is anything we can do for you .  regards ,  grant .  vincent tang on 04 / 17 / 2000 12 : 40 : 26 pm  to : grant . masson @ enron . com  cc :  subject : ?  hi , grant ,  how are you ? hope everything is going well .  my wedding ceremony was very good but the whole  process is more complex than i expected . it might  take several more days . so i am wondering , if it is  not too much a trouble for you , i would like to extend  my vacation several more days . please let me know .  best regards ,  vincent  do you yahoo ! ?  send online invitations with yahoo ! invites .  http : / / invites . yahoo . com",0
2152,"Subject: re : follow up  dale ,  i have passed on the information you gave me but you have to realize that  i acted just as a go - between . i shall be glad to remind our new business unit  about your proposal . i have already asked a few times .  i shall be traveling this week , wed - fri . i shall be back in the office on  monday .  vince  "" dale nesbitt "" on 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 03 : 18 am  to : "" vincent kaminski ""  cc :  subject : follow up  vince :  just wanted to make sure you know we are still vitally interested in getting  together with you and the key enron people . thanks so much for all your  help . i understand how busy you and the new person are , but i hope you are  interested enough to find a slot for us . i think it will benefit you as  well as us .  dale",0
4705,"Subject: re : a quant  i did . . . trying to get him in next week so that vasant can see him as well .  thanks  vince j kaminski  24 / 01 / 2001 22 : 24  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : a quant  bryan ,  did you have a chance to take a look at the resume i sent you ?  he looked like a great guy for your group .  vince",0
449,"Subject: new love tabs shop .  visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers ail in one !  operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processinq and complete confidentiaiity !  click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa love pil 1 ! ",1
615,"Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 706  we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / www 3 . ledieskeys . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  cyclorama byway bigotry between canfield andromache diethylstilbestrol anode  defunct bronchiolar burgundy cowboy anorthic capybara disruptive abusive climactic diet car bereave  dementia dickcissel behave ceramium bib celsius aitken d ' art declaration cuny arterial carmichael  diameter aden butene chesapeake cargill derbyshire alderman arcturus debility diversion",1
1718,"Subject: pricing credit on thousands of names  all -  our challenge for the next few months is to build an automated system to  provide differential pricing on thousands of credits [ 5 , 000 by year - end ] .  most of these credits will be illiquid in terms of market price information ,  making the challenge harder , and the end result more important in terms of  competitive pricing advantage . what we need is an overall strategy for how we  plan to achieve this from the quantitative perspective .  currently we have several models for credit pricing either in use or under  development :  fmc model ( default probability approach ) . using bloomberg ' s fair market ( par  yield ) curves , probabilities are generated from the risky - libor , then  default / bankruptcy swap prices computed using expectation methodology .  fmc model ( credit spread approach ) . using the fmcs , then directly taking the  libor credit spread at each tenor , adjusting for basis and compounding  differences .  bond model ( fmc approach ) . taking the fmcs as benchmark curves , the model  regresses the input bonds ( specific to a name ) on the two best fitting  benchmarks . the result is a zero yield curve with the same shape as the fmcs ,  but with the level tweaked for the specific issuer . prices are then generated  using both spread and probability approaches . under testing .  bond model ( spline approach ) . taking only the bonds specific to an issuer ,  the model fits an exponential cubic spline to the zero - coupon price curve ,  then builds a zero yield curve from this . under testing .  market prices . for certain liquid names , or sectors / ratings , cds market  prices are used , then recovery and event discount used to get bankruptcy swap  prices .  kmv . using expected default frequencies ( edfs ) from the kmv model and  database , we will build a model to price default swaps , making appropriate  risk adjustments . kmv is being installed now , so model will be worked on next .  each of these models returns a price ( credit default and bankruptcy ) , and the  accuracy of the price depends on many factors - liquidity and regulatory  differences between bond and cds markets , recovery assumptions , risk premia ,  capital charges , etc . the aim will be to accurately price as many liquid  names as possible , based upon these models , then use these prices , alongside  other financial information , as the backbone to a full automated pricing  system .  our inputs to the proposed pricing system for a specific name are model and  market prices for all issuers , alongside name - specific ' soft ' data from  credit reports and financial statements . if the credit is liquid enough , a  price will be generated from their own information only . otherwise , the  credit will be mapped onto a subset of liquid credits , with financial  information and historical price movements providing the mapping and weights .  the model price will then be periodically adjusted to align itself with  market ( or trader ) prices , and this adjustment will feed back into the  weighting and mapping composition . in loose terms , we could think of the  system price for an illiquid credit as being a weighted average of liquid  market prices ( bonds , equities , default swaps ) , where the weightings are  calibrated using credit analysis , financial ratios , etc .  the key steps to implementing such a system will be :  establishing what exactly we want to ' predict ' - is it a price , a rating , a  probability , or a score ? we will need a clean market history to calibrate to ,  which we only really have for ratings . we will then need to develop a mapping  from rating / score to price .  getting and cleaning the historical financial and credit data required to  calibrate the model .  building the mechanics of the model , ie , the calibration methodology . neural  nets / fuzzy logic seem the obvious candidates , but which exact methods and  software packages to use ?  determining an automated methodology for mapping names with limited  information into the model .  getting the "" true "" market price , in order to feed back an error . at present  such a price exists for very few credits .  allocating resources to the development . mckinsey claimed such a system would  take 6 - 10 man - months to develop .  further ideas or comments are requested , as we need to develop our strategy  asap . the model description above is fairly vague , as we don ' t yet have the  knowledge needed to fill in the specific details . further help will be  especially required on this if we are to continue to move at ' internet speed ' .  regards  ben",0
3823,Subject: research get - together at sandeep kohli ' s new home  hello everyone :  here is your invitation and a map to sandeep ' s home .  see you saturday !,0
2937,"Subject: wharton trip january 18 , 2001  jeff and vince . . . "" fyi ' ' . . . christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  09 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  melinda mccarty @ enron  12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 05 pm  to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : wharton trip january 18 , 2001  cp -  fyi - attached is the memo that i faxed to the parkplace warwick . i copied  donna piazze at wharton also .  maria",0
1107,"Subject: term insurance is out  aggressive underwriting programs such as . . .  table 5 to standard on permanent cases !  other company term to permanent life insurance with  non - med underwriting !  simplified and guarantee issue programs for multi - life cases !  low cost lifetime guarantees !  underwriting events ! . . .  diversified brokerage specialists has been combining  the very best in technology and personal service since 1946 !  make sure to ask about our full line of disability ltc products !  "" if we can ' t do it , it can ' t be done ! ""  call diversified brokerage specialists today !  or  please fill out the form below for more information  name :  e - mail :  phone :  city :  state :  visit us online at : www . dbs 50 . com  we don ' t want anyone  to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication  sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,  do not reply to this message . instead , go here :  http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  legal notice ",1
3617,"Subject: vol skew no - arbitrage constraints  the attached note lists conditions that can be used to verify that a given  vol skew curve does not generate arbitrage opportunities in a strip of option  prices .  if you have questions or want to discuss implementation , please give me a  call .  bob lee  x 35163",0
3589,"Subject: re : statistician from rice  osman ,  this guy is too much .  i would tell him that we understand  that he has to make the best choice  for himself and can change his mind but at this point we treat  his decision as final but we still appreciate the interest he showed  in enron .  we never had any luck hiring a statistician .  maybe we shall get one some day .  vince  osman sezgen @ ees  04 / 20 / 2001 11 : 54 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : statistician from rice  i had a message on my phone this morning from william indicating that  he had changed his mind and will be taking another job . he also mentions that  the other organization will give him time to publish his thesis and he assumes  enron would not do that .  i am inclined to give up on him but wanted to get your input before doing so .  osman",0
285,"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing tools  wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1
2209,"Subject: new pc  shirley ,  ok .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alex huang @ enron  01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : new pc  hi shirley ,  i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not  enough memory . twice  i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me .  their suggestion is  to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii  processor at 800 mhz  on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher  level .  thank you very much .  best ,  alex",0
3950,"Subject: restricted list  neither ena / rac / egf employees nor family members or others living in their  household or financially dependent on the ena / rac / egf employee may purchase  or sell securities of any entity ( or derivatives thereof ) listed on the  restricted list for your or their personal or related accounts or recommend  the purchase or sale of such securities to any person , except with the prior  approval of the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal  department .  in addition to the trading restrictions above , should you at any time possess  non - public material information about any public company , you , your family  members and anybody that is financially dependent on you , are restricted from  trading in that issue , and you may not disclose the non - public material  information to anyone that does not have a business need to know .  company name stock symbol  3 tec energy corp . tten  adrian resources adrrf  beau canada exploration ltd bau cn  belco oil & gas corporation bog  bonus resource services corp bou  brigham exploration bexp  canfibre group ltd . cfgl  carrizo oil & gas inc . crzo  costilla energy cose  crown energy croe  cynet , inc . cyne  cypress energy cyz  esenjay exploration esnj  firstworld communications inc . fwis  hanover compressor co . hc  ice drilling enterprises inc . idf  industrial holdings , inc . ihii  inland resources , inc . inln  kafus environmental industries , inc . ks  nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set  paladin resources plc plr ld  paradigm geophysical pgeof  place resources , inc . plg cn  quanta services inc . pwr  queen sand resources , inc . qsri  quicksilver resources inc . kwk  saxon petroleum , inc . sxn cn  startech seh cn  syntroleum corp . synm  tejon ranch corp . trc  titan exploration texp  transcoastal marine services , inc . tcms  the restricted list is solely for the internal use of ena / rac / egf . no one  may engage in discussions regarding whether a security is or is not on the  restricted list with persons outside ena / rac / egf without specific clearance  from the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department .  in addition to the above , you are reminded that pursuant to enron corp . ' s  risk management policy ( "" policy "" ) , no ena / rac / egf employee may engage in the  trading of any "" position "" ( "" position "" means any commodity , financial  instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability that are  authorized for trading in the policy for the benefit of any party other than  ena / rac / egf , whether for his / her own account or the account of any third  party , where such position relates to ( i ) any commodity , financial  instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability which falls within  such employee ' s responsibility at ena / rac / egf or ( ii ) any energy commodity .  the prohibitions listed above do not replace or modify the policies set forth  in ena ' s policies and procedures regarding confidential information and  securities trading , enron corp . ' s risk management policy , or enron corp . ' s  conduct of business affairs . should you have any questions regarding the  above , please contact me at ext . 31939 .",0
5527,"Subject: re : howard confirmation  jeff ,  i cannot interview howard on tue ( business trip ) .  i think the organization is very interested in him .  i don ' t know what "" illicts your attention "" means .  vince  "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "" on 02 / 16 / 2001 03 : 02 : 36 pm  please respond to "" $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ""  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : howard confirmation  hi vince , i ' m on vacation from friday ( today ) until tuesday . rachel / london  sent me this confirmation last night and think it illicts your attention - did  they get it right to meet you satisfaction ? i hope your interview goes well  with howard too . it ' s all set .  any feedback on the guys from ford credit and citigroup / oxford university ? i  own them outright - no other firms involved ! fyi : my fees are always much less  on these candidates ( exclusive ownership by myself ) as there are no middlemen  involved from these "" other firms "" . i luckily have been attracting very  talented candidates with just doing business "" as myself "" rather than mri . i  am very encouraged . please check them out , vince . . . as you know - i always  send you them first then on to my other clients - if you reject them .  bye vince , thank you for the business !  jeff  ps - use my cellphone if you want me ( the next 4 days ) for anything ; i ' m here  for you - 949 813 2241  candidate ' s name : howard haughton  date of interview : tuesday 20 february 2001  time of interview : 2 . 00 pm  interviewers : david weekes enron credit sales  & marketing  mark leahy enron credit sales &  marketing  bryan seyfried enron credit executive  markus fiala enron credit trading  robina barker - bennett enron credit  syndication  ted murphy executive rac  each interview will be approximately 45 minutes .  address : 40 grosvenor place  london  swlx 7 en  switchboard : 020 7783 - 0000  closest tube / train station : victoria  to ask for : david weekes at main reception  location map attached  ( see attached file : location map . pdf )  i will take this as confirmed unless i hear otherwise from you . if you  would like to discuss this please contact me on 020 7783 5677 .  regards  rachel quirke  human resources  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0
1543,"Subject: re : fwd : happy st . patricks day  jana ,  great attachment . thanks .  saturday , march 25 works for me . i shall call or e - mail you from california to  talk about the time . early afternoon would be great .  vince  jlpnymex @ aol . com on 03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 58 : 54 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : fwd : happy st . patricks day  vince ,  how about saturday , march 25 ? call or email me next week , to let me know what  time would be good for you . have a good trip to california and a happy st .  patrick ' s day today !  jana  return - path :  received : from rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( rly - ydol . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 150 . 1 ] ) by  air - ydol . mail . aol . com ( v 70 . 19 ) with esmtp ; fri , 17 mar 2000 10 : 06 : 51 - 0500  received : from mta 3 . rcsntx . swbell . net ( mta 3 . rcsntx . swbell . net  [ 151 . 164 . 30 . 27 ] ) by rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( v 70 . 19 ) with esmtp ; fri , 17 mar 2000  10 : 06 : 26 - 0500  received : from postoffice . swbell . net ( [ 207 . 193 . 12 . 192 ] ) by  mta 3 . rcsntx . swbell . net ( sun internet mail server  sims . 3 . 5 . 2000 . 01 . 05 . 12 . 18 . p 9 ) with esmtp id  for jlpnymex @ aol . com ; fri , 17 mar  2000 09 : 04 : 52 - 0600 ( cst )  date : fri , 17 mar 2000 08 : 57 : 53 + 0000  from : ckcrews @ swbell . net  subject : happy st . patricks day  to : jana  reply - to : ckcrews @ swbell . net  message - id :  mime - version : 1 . 0  x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 05 [ en ] c - sbis - nc 404 ( winnt ; u )  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = "" - - - - - - - - - - - - eed 862 df 35 cd 73 flfo 74403 a ""  - stpat . exe",0
2510,"Subject: re : a request  duane ,  i shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague  dr . zimin lu will call you to talk about different  structures .  vince  ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 13 / 2001 09 : 54 : 24 am  to : "" vince j kaminski ""  cc :  subject : re : a request  vince ,  sorry that i missed your call yesterday . i have a meeting from 2 - 3 today  ( tuesday ) , but otherwise any time in the afternoon works for me . let me  know what is convenient for you . thanks for your help .  duane  * * * * * * * *  duane seppi  graduate school of industrial administration  carnegie mellon university  pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890  tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298  fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896  email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu",0
933,"Subject: look to our shop for all your prescription needs .  10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours  great minds think alike , and fools seldom differ .  models are to be used , not believed .  it is light grief that can take counsel .  a wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad .",1
4606,"Subject: re : support for exotica  i briefed vince this morning that we have supplied a fully functional exotica  options library to london office ( executable and source codes ) .  if you have any questions , my team is ready to help .  zimin  steven leppard  10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 50 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : support for exotica  all  sharad ' s investigations of exotica ' s status in london have turned up a very  confused state of affairs . this isn ' t being helped by the fact that :  1 . anjam is rarely at his desk , and can ' t be found anywhere in the building .  2 . when he is around he isn ' t willing or able to provide all the information  sharad might need to support exotica .  this is worrying since much of our business depends on the validity of  exotica ' s valuations .  sharad will now request information from anjam via email to leave a trail ,  and i want to alert you to the fact that sharad will be cc ' ing you in on  these emails .  if things don ' t improve soon , i may need to request some assistance in  extracting this information from anjam .  many thanks ,  steve",0
2247,"Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  szanowny panie kaminski ! ! !  bardzo dziekuje za okazana pomoc !  mimo wielu bledow , ktore popelnilismy , a przede wszystkim to , ze zglosilismy  sie do pana astramowicza zbyt pozno , bardzo nam pomogl . european leadership  development seminar 2000 w polsce sie odbedzie , i postaramy sie , zeby bylo  to wydarzenie na wysokim poziomie ! ! !  jeszcze raz bardzo dziekuje i postaram sie aby nastepne mozliwe informacje o  naszych projektach szybciej docieraly do firmy takiej jak enron , a w  szczegolnosci do takiej osoby jak pan i pan jarek astramowicz .  bardzo dziekuje  z powazaniem  andrzej wodnicki  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : awodni @ sgh . waw . pl  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  date : 23 lutego 2000 09 : 37  subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  >  > drogi panie andrzeju ,  >  > prosze powolac sie na mnie .  >  > w . kaminski  >  >  >  >  > andrzej wodnicki on 02 / 22 / 2000 04 : 02 : 42 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  >  >  >  > drogi panie kaminski !  >  > bardzo przepraszam za klopot . wiem , ze jest pan niezmiernie  > zajetym czlowiekiem . jednak chcialem zapytac sie pana o jeszcze  > jedna kluczowa dla nas sprawe , ze wzgledy na termin naszego  > wydarzenia - 7 marzec 2000 .  >  > mianowicie , czy byloby mozliwe , aby w  > rozmowie z panem astramowiczem powolac sie na pana .  > wydaje mi sie , ze bardzo by nam pana nazwisko pomoglo .  > bardzo liczymy na pana pomoc ,  >  >  > pozdrawiam  >  > andrzej wodnicki  >  >  >  >  >  >",0
1940,"Subject: re : kwi user group  vince  yes please go ahead .  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 24 april 2001 23 : 35  to : djw @ kwi . com  subject : re : kwi user group  david ,  i can ask our ceo john sherriff .  please , let me know by 10 : 00 a . m . central time , wednesday .  vince  david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 24 : 53 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : kwi user group  vince  sorry to hear you cannot make it . . . you would obviously have been the big  catch ! !  in terms of a london based replacement , who did you have in mind and what  sort of subject could they cover ?  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 24 april 2001 23 : 22  to : djw @ kwi . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : kwi user group  david ,  i regret to inform you i am unable to attend the conference due to previous  commitments .  would you consider a speakers form our london office ?  vince  david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 09 : 47 : 31 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : re : kwi user group  vince  any further thoughts on this ?  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 13 april 2001 21 : 44  to : djw @ kwi . com  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : re : kwi user group  david ,  thanks for the invitation .  i shall check my schedule on monday and will get back to you  regarding the conference .  i hope you will a very happy easter .  vince  david warwick on 04 / 12 / 2001 04 : 04 : 32 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : kwi user group  dear vince  please may i reintroduce myself . we met last year at the sydney eprm  conference which my company kwi sponsored . i chaired the session at which  you spoke .  as you may remember , my company , kwi are one of the world ' s leading  provider  of systems ( kw 3000 ) and consultancy for energy , trading and risk  management .  we have over 60 clients worldwide including many of the world ' s leading  energy companies ( not enron unfortunately ) :  north america  - tva  - ontario power  - cinergy  - bonneville power  europe  - enel  - atel  - electrabel  - edf  nordic  - vattenfall  - fortum  - sydkraft  - statkraft  - birka energi  - norsk hydro  each year we stage a "" kwi users forum "" - a 2 - day event attended by leading  trading and risk staff from our clients . last year there were about 100  delegates . the agenda primarily focusses on issues surrounding risk  management for the energy sector .  the agenda comprises keynote presentations on burning risk issues from  industry leading energy speakers and practical workshops focussed around  using our software .  this years event is at a luxury hotel in the wonderful spanish city of  barcelona and runs from the evening of sunday september 9 th to tuesday  september 11 th . the main conference dinner is on the monday evening and is  always a memorable event . this year it is in a leading barcelona restaurant  preceded by a bus tour of the city with a stop for pre - dinner drinks .  i would like to invite you to make the opening keynote address , the  highlight of the conference .  the subject could be :  * a general energy risk related topic  * a general insight into the secret of enron ' s continued success in  the energy markets  * your thoughts on the future development on energy markets ( and other  commodity related - bandwidth etc . ) worldwide  obviously , we would cover all your delagate costs including accomodation ,  food and drink .  what ' s in it for you ? many of our users are some the energy sectors  leading  risk thinkers and i ' m sure you would enjoy meeting them and exchanging  views .  please let me know if you are able to accept the invitation .  best regards  david warwick - marketing dierctor and co - founder",0
4348,"Subject: re : message from bogdan  thanks vince . we ' ll talk to him this week .  - - dan  vince j kaminski  02 / 02 / 2001 05 : 03 pm  to : daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : message from bogdan  dan ,  i am sending you a resume of one of my compatriots who  lives in houston . i met him socially a few times .  he graduated from the same university i did .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001  05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  awenda 2000 @ cs . com on 02 / 01 / 2001 09 : 57 : 42 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : message from bogdan  hi vince ,  i am enclosing my resume , as per our most recent conversation .  best regards ,  bogdan m . szopa  - bogdan res . . doc",0
1854,"Subject: re : support for exotica  steve ,  i have to draft an announcement and send it to john sheriff . i shall do it  this weekend .  vince  steven leppard  10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 27 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : support for exotica  hi vince  good luck calling anjam . he never seems to answer his mobile when sharad  calls him to track him down . furthermore he ' s off work until tuesday .  i ' ve had tani ask me what ' s happened to the announcement about my new  appointment . any progress there ?  cheers ,  steve  vince j kaminski  13 / 10 / 2000 14 : 44  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : support for exotica  steve ,  i am calling anjam to give him a deadline regarding move to houston .  if he decides to stay in houston , you should meet with him to convey  the concerns regarding his performance .  vince  steven leppard  10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 50 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale  surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect , zimin  lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : support for exotica  all  sharad ' s investigations of exotica ' s status in london have turned up a very  confused state of affairs . this isn ' t being helped by the fact that :  1 . anjam is rarely at his desk , and can ' t be found anywhere in the building .  2 . when he is around he isn ' t willing or able to provide all the information  sharad might need to support exotica .  this is worrying since much of our business depends on the validity of  exotica ' s valuations .  sharad will now request information from anjam via email to leave a trail ,  and i want to alert you to the fact that sharad will be cc ' ing you in on  these emails .  if things don ' t improve soon , i may need to request some assistance in  extracting this information from anjam .  many thanks ,  steve",0
2246,Subject: joint probabilities  michael  tables of joint probabilities for scenario 3 ( 8 % improvement rate during the  regulatory cycle ) are attached .  call if you have any questions .  bob x 35163,0
840,"Subject: your help  dear sir ,  i am mrs mariam abacha , wife of the late nigerian  head of state , general sani abacha who died on  the 8 th  of june 1998 while still on active duty . i am  contacting you in view of the fact that we will  be of  great assistance to each other likewise  developing a  cordial relationship .  i currently have within my reach the sum of  thirty  six million united states dollars  ( us $ 36 , 000 , 000 ) in  cash , which i intend to use for investment  purposes  specifically in your country . this money came  as a  result of a payback contract deal between my  late  husband and a russian firm on our country ' s  multi - billion dollars ajaokuta steel plant . the  russian partners returned my husbands share of  us $ 36 , 000 , 000 after his death and lodge it with  my  late husband ' s security company in nigeria of  which i  am a director . right now the new civilian  government  have intensified their probe on my husband ' s  financial  resources and they have revoked our licenses  that  allows us to own a financial and oil company .  in view  of this , i acted very fast to withdraw the  us $ 36 , 000 , 000 from the company ' s vault and  deposited  it in a privately erected security safe abroad .  no record ever existed concerning the money  neither is  the money traceable by the government because  there is  no documentation showing that we received the  money  from the russians .  due to the current situation in the country  concerning  government attitude towards my family , it has  become  quite impossible for me to make use of this  money  within , thus i seek assistance to transfer this  money  into your safe bank account . on your consent , i  shall expect  you to contact me urgently to enable us discuss  details of this transaction .  bearing in mind that your assistance is needed  to  transfer the funds , i propose a commission of  20 % of  the total sum to you for the expected services  and  assistance . your urgent response is highly  needed so  as to stop further contacts . all correspondent  should be forwarded to this email : zenab . m @ ompadec . zzn . con  or you can call my son mobile : hamza 234 - 8023137978 i use this  opportunity to implore you to exercise the most  utmost  indulgence to keep this matter extra ordinarily  confidential what ever your decision while i  await your  prompt response .  best personal regards ,  mrs mariam abacha .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing  real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !  http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1
4318,"Subject: re : research leads  hello team 1 ,  i spoke with larry gagliardi on the crude / refinery products desk this morning  and he agreed to talk with you after 12 : 30 today or after 2 : 30 any other  weekday . he is very familiar with the other platforms and should be a great  resource . larry suggested that you surf eol to find names of power and / or  natural gas traders , and call them up . please let me know if you have  difficulty finding / contacting folks this way and i will see if i can help .  larry ' s office number is 713 - 853 - 0543 , and his email is  larry . gagliardi @ enron . com .  good luck  ken",0
1646,"Subject: introducing the new iijournals online !  institutional investor journals are now published online !  dear subscriber ,  your institutional investor journals subscription now includes free access to  a full - text website . visit www . iijournals . com and log onto the new iijournals  homepage - - from there you can go to any of the journal specific sites .  you can logon today with the following account information .  userid : 13417514  password : 13417514  new site features at http : / / www . iijournals . com :  - read the full - text of the current issue online before the paper edition  reaches your mailbox .  - use a keyword search engine to search through the entire listing of  iijournals abstracts .  - access online any article that has been published since january 1999 .  - update your personal information , change your mailing address , or sample  other institutional investor journals .  to read full - text articles :  before accessing the full - text of articles on any institutional investor  journals web site , you need to install adobe acrobat 4 . 0 and fileopen . this  is a one - time process and should take only a few minutes .  please visit our "" how to read articles "" page on the website . click here to  link : http : / / www . iijournals . com / common / readarticles . asp  we hope you enjoy the new website . if you have any additional questions ,  comments , or suggestions about the website , please email info @ iijournals . com  or phone ( 212 ) 224 - 3664 .  sincerely ,  allison adams  publisher  http : / / www . iijournals . com",0
5640,Subject: re : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas  fyi  1 . george hopefully will get us some peaking data soon  2 . george likes tricia ' s new format ( based on meeting with arnold yesterday  afternoon which went well )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 14 / 2000  07 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  george hopley  07 / 13 / 2000 09 : 07 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas  i thought today ' s analysis was good perspective . i found some records of  peaking  production which will forward over tomorrow .  george  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george hopley / hou / ect on 07 / 13 / 2000 08 : 54  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  george hopley  07 / 13 / 2000 08 : 52 pm  to : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas  nice commentary on gas  from : patricia tlapek 07 / 13 / 2000 08 : 49 pm  to : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : george hopley / hou / ect )  subject : 7 / 14 - - crude oil and nat gas,0
5507,"Subject: aram ' s visit  jesus ,  friday , april 28 , works for me . i am free between 8 : 00 - 10 : 30 to meet with  aram .  would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner ?  vince",0
1720,"Subject: re : vacation  shirley ,  no problem .  vince  shirley crenshaw  11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 21 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect  subject : vacation  vince :  i would like to take vacation next tuesday and wednesday , the 21 st and  22 nd ?  please let me know if it is alright . anita will be here .  thanks !  shirley",0
1235,"Subject: the technews - bulletin , july 2005  mobile production units for developing countries - worldwide partners program  sn world foundation will supply to countries and developing regions the technology and necessary support for production in series of mini - plants in mobile containers ( 40 - foot ) . the mini - plant system is designed in such a way that all the production machinery is fixed on the platform of the container , with all wiring , piping , and installation parts ; that is , they are fully equipped . . . and the mini - plant is ready for production .  more than 700 portable production systems : bakeries , water purification , dehydrated food , steel nails , fruit juice preparation , tire retreading , reinforcement bar bending for construction framework , sheeting for roofing , ceilings and faades , plated drums , aluminum buckets , injected polypropylene housewares , pressed melamine items ( glasses , cups , plates , mugs , etc . ) , mufflers , construction electrically welded mesh , plastic bags and packaging , medical assistance mobile units , sanitary material , hypodermic syringes , hemostatic clamps , etc .  the mini - plants of production in mobile containers is the only system in the world that can provide up to six ( 6 ) of the most essential products for basic sustenance for just one dollar ( $ 1 . 00 ) per day .  sn world foundation has started a co - investment program for the installation of small assembly plants to manufacture , in series , the mini - plants of portable production on site , region or country where required . one of the most relevant features is the fact that these plants will be connected to the international trade system , with access to more than 50 million raw materials , products and services and automatic transactions for world trade .  due to financial reasons , involving cost and social impact , the best solution is setting up assembly plants on the same countries and regions , using local resources ( labor , some equipment , etc . ) sn world foundation participates at 50 % ( fifty percent ) for investment of each assembly plant .  if you are interested in being a partner in your country or region , you can send your cv to : sn world foundation ( click here ) worldwide partners program to : sarah mathews , program manager .  if you received this in error or would like to be removed from our list , please return us indicating : remove or un - subscribe in subject field , thanks . the technews , editor  2005 the tech news . all rights reserved . ",1
5193,"Subject: invitations to presentation only  hi christie ,  when do you sleep ? 2 am , ugh !  ok , you were correct , my invitation was to those people within enron that  the students talked with before interviewing competitors , and it was an  invitation to the presentation only . i didn ' t think any of them would be  invited to the dinner , and probably none will even come to the presentation .  the invitation did elicit one request for the final report though , so maybe  it wasn ' t a complete waste .  i didn ' t realize that the dinner had turned into a box visit . that sounds  great . i wish the group could have made it to dinner before the first game ,  that would have made the whole slumming experience better . now they ' ll get  the royal treatment at enron field . it ' ll be great .  vince invited 4 people from rice :  dennis w . loughridge , director of energy consortium ; lounghrid @ rice . edu  carrie miller , director of mba program ; cmiller @ rice . edu  deborah barrett , inst . communications , barrett @ rice . edu  dr . wil uecker , associate dean for executive education , uecker @ rice . edu  loughridge wrote back saying he ' ll come , i don ' t know about the others  here are the 6 students emails :  "" ritwik \ ( ronnie \ ) ghosh "" , "" ivy ghose "" ,  "" luigi calabrese "" , "" pravas sud "" , "" syed  \ ( farhan \ ) iqbal ""  your 2 from rice makes a total of 12 from rice , i guess  let me know if you would like me to do anything else related to monday  look forward to seeing you then  ken",0
3269,"Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  norma  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000  09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : robert knight on 03 / 08 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  maureen ,  i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your  phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to  add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands  placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only  relay your information to the appropriate group .  enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i  would appreciate you taking the time to review them .  robert knight  director voice communications  stella l ely  03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores  sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was  disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb  3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should  not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry  for the confusion . please let me know timing asap .  thank you .  stella ely",0
3025,"Subject: yesterday  i enjoyed meeting you both yesterday to discuss my sincere interest in the  research group .  since many of the rotations for analysts are pre - determined , i think it is  best for me to wait until my candidacy  for the analyst program is finalized .  thank you for your interest in my skill - set . i am enrolled in the cfa  program , have completed numerous futures / options  courses in undergraduate school , and am confident that my profile will be  well - received after completing your in - house  project which will be utilized to test certain skills .  i ' ll talk to you soon after my discussions with the analyst program .  regards ,  david",0
5116,"Subject: p + option valuation model  mark ,  after recently reviewing the booking of the p + options , it is my understanding that these options are being valued using a standard spread option model where the price evolution of the two legs of the spread are assumed to be correlated geometric brownian motion processes ( i . e . the price process assumptions are consistent with standard black - 76 model assumptions extended to two commodities ) .  the payoff for a call option is :  payoff = max ( 0 , a - b - k ) .  where :  a = nxwti ( delivery price for nymex )  b = posting price = ( wti swap ) - ( posting basis )  k = posting bonus ( fixed ) .  the only complication of this option as compared to most other spread options is that leg "" b "" of the spread is a combination of three prices , the two futures prices which make up the wti swap for the given month , and the average posting basis during the delivery month . combination of these prices is easily addressed by simply setting the volatility of leg "" b "" and the correlation to correctly account for the volatility of this basket of prices and its correlation with the nxwti price . i believe that this approach is more straightforward than the alternative , which would be to use a three or four - commodity model with its associated volatility and correlation matrices .  in summary , i believe that this is an appropriate model for valuation of these types of options , assuming that the inputs are set correctly .  regards ,  stinson gibner  v . p . research",0
5512,"Subject: re : purchase  david ,  can you use my mm funds to cover thislast purchase ?  i need to request another check from pwj  and it takes always time .  vince  "" walkup , david c ( houstonas as 582 ) "" on 06 / 29 / 2000  10 : 52 : 54 am  to : "" ' vincent kaminski ' ""  cc :  subject : purchase  we made the cd purchase for you today . don ' t forget to mail the check . i  mailed you the receipt from the deposit . i will call you towards the end of  july and we can discuss your stock option exercise on 8 / 12 .  thanks for coming by the office yesterday and have a great trip to  australia .  david c . walkup  senior financial consultant  713 - 658 - 1685  800 - 456 - 9712  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending  identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to  us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented  messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check  stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall",0
2297,"Subject: telephone interview with the enron research group  good morning richard :  your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski and the research group  and they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your  convenience .  please give me some dates and times that you would be available and  i will coordinate the schedule . also , the telephone number you wish to be  contacted at .  the telephone interview will be last approximately an hour and the  interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director , research  stinson gibner vice president , research  vasant shanbhogue vice president , research  thanks richard and we look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0
5371,"Subject: fw : garp ny - minutes of the credit derivatives meeting - december  13 , 2000  vince  i will make sure you get on this distribution list .  credit is going to be a big issue for energy companies and banks .  we may need to form additional discussion groups .  volatility in energy prices and a general economic slowdown may cause an  increase in defaults .  banks are primarily interested in regulatory impact on loan portfolio and  credit derivatives as a an alternative to raising capital or selling assets .  energy companies could use credit derivatives to hedge or price credit  exposure .  don mumma ( ex csfb , md axiom software ) is organizing a survey of energy credit  practices . you can reach don at 212 - 248 - 4188 ext 22 .  regards ,  philip merrill  garp regional director for new york  973 - 258 - 1540  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gerber , jeannette [ mailto : jeannette . gerber @ csfb . com ]  sent : thursday , december 21 , 2000 7 : 34 pm  to : ' garpnyl @ home . com ' ; alev a suer ; amit srivastav ; andrew ulmer ; cfa  john p . felletter ; claudia cappelli ; francis owusu ; gerber , jeannette ;  joe pimbley ; joseph c carrozzo jr ; lingja zhang ; marian trano - lepisto ;  markus buri ; maurizio mondello ; nawal roy ; sarnj . dhanda ; yicheng zhong ;  ' john . tierney @ db . com ' ; ' tom _ mansley @ westlb . com '  subject : garp ny - minutes of the credit derivatives meeting - december  13 , 2000  dear members of the credit derivatives group .  you ' ve probably been wondering if i would ever get the minutes of last weeks  meeting out . well , here they are and i sincerely apologize for the delay . i  always thought this time of year is supposed to be slow , but unfortunately ,  the opposite has been the case .  please pay particular attention to the action points . we can only handle  these meetings successfully if each and everyone of you actively  participates and plays a role ! the next meeting can only be scheduled if  there is enough feedback available .  wishing you happy holidays ,  regards ,  jeannette  credit | first  suisse | boston  crm credit exposure management ( new york )  > * : + 1 ( 212 ) 325 9361  fax : + 1 ( 212 ) 743 2562  minutes of the garp ny credit derivatives meeting - december 13 , 2000  the meeting was generously hosted by westlb  attendees :  matthew bianco  claudia cappelli  joe carrozzo  jeannette gerber  tom mansley  philip merrill  joe pimbley  marian trano - lepisto  ( due to some technical problems , not all attendees received the invitations  on time . )  summary  the aim of this first meeting was to decide on topics , people involvement  and the format of future meetings .  topics  the following topics were discussed for discussion in future meetings :  * new models and structures available  * practical work issues  * credit risk policy  * isda issues / documentation  * regulatory issues / bis capital  * hedging issues ( e . g . embedded options , rollover , funded vs unfunded ,  etc . )  * electronic trading issues  * general technology issues and information on new systems available  * pricing differentials  * pricing sources  * current models used for pricing , var  * credit event monitoring  * counterparty suitability  action : all members to check with credit derivatives colleagues within their  organization to go over the list and complete .  action : all members to pick topics they could lead through ( or they could  organize someone to lead through ) .  people involved  the involvement will depend on the topic . a member of the group will lead  through a meeting , or organize a credit derivative professional to lead  through the meeting , depending on the topic .  meeting format  we expect a series of evening workshops to take place about every 6 weeks .  in order to get active discussions going , all participants are expected to  inquire within their own institutions as to how the particular subject under  discussion is being treated in - house . we feel that the meetings will only be  successful if all participants are actively involved in the process .  we expect most members to be able to host the meeting once a year . please  let me know if and when you could host a meeting .  action : all members to check if and when they can host a meeting .  the date and venue for the next meeting will be announced in early january ,  depending on your feedback on the topics .  this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain  confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no  confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission .  if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all  copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the  sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute ,  print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended  recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve  the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any  views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except  where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state  them to be the views of any such entity .  unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is  indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to  deal at any price quoted .  any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as  preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation .",0
3872,"Subject: reactions log - in password  http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  dear reactions subscriber ,  you are entitled to free access to the reactions website .  here is your username and password ( case sensitive ) to use this service . you  can use them to access the latest issue of reactions on the web whenever you  wish . you can also search the extensive archive of back issues and contact  us via email .  username = kaminski  password = 105006  web address = http : / / www . reactionsnet . com  please keep them in a safe place as you will need them every time you log on .  if you have any problems in logging on or using this site please feel free to  contact our dedicated help desk - telephone number + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or  email web - help @ eurmoneyplc . com",0
2900,"Subject: wharton event - junel 0 - insead  bryan ,  i shall call you later today when i have a chance to read the message from  ben .  i wanted to ask you for a favor ( on a very short notice ) . we are talking to  the wharton school  about setting up a relationship with them and getting involved in one or  more research projects  with them .  one of the potential topics is emerging technologies . the wharton offers a  symposium in paris on june 10  on high tech acquisitions and it would make a lot of sense if you  ( or somebody from london you could identify ) could attend and help us to  evaluate the usefulness  of this project .  i am enclosing the message from the person in wharton running this program .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000  09 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tomczyk @ wharton . upenn . edu ( michael tomczyk ) on 05 / 18 / 2000 10 : 56 : 08 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : thomas . piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead  vincent ,  it was truly a pleasure getting to know you in our meeting yesterday , and i  look forward to the prospect of exchanging views in the future on a variety  of topics pertaining to emerging technologies .  per our discussion , i ' ve enclosed three files that include an invitation ,  agenda and rsvp form for the june 10 symposium on high tech acquisitions at  insead . if you or the individual ( s ) who will be attending have any  questions , please email : phanish puranam at : phanis 20 @ wharton . upenn . edu or  you can call him at 215 - 898 - 1231 .  this initiative will be expanded during the coming year and i believe that  enron ' s involvement will give the company access to some of the early  research in progress as it unfolds , and of course , if you become involved  as a partner in the emerging technologies program you would have  opportunities to help guide the direction of the research which is one of  the partnership "" benefits . ""  our next upcoming events are scheduled for :  friday , september 8  "" what next on the internet ? ""  this is a faculty update day with industry partners also invited .  we will co - sponsor this with wharton ' s major e - business initiative .  major issues addresses include "" new economics of the web "" and  "" internet , anywhere . ""  friday , october 20  "" first mover advantage , shakeouts & survival strategies ""  designed by the et core group and  presented in collaboration with the e - commerce forum .  as i indicated during our discussion , participation in the emerging  technologies management research program is by invitation and on behalf of  our core faculty , i am pleased to extend an invitation for enron to join  the program .  to assist in your decision , we recommend having a representative attend the  symposium in paris on june 10 to "" test drive "" the program .  i ' ll send you a formal invitation which you are free to accept at your  convenience , should you agree that enron ' s participation in the et program  would be of value .  please call or email if you have any comments or questions .  best regards ,  michael  - insead workshop invitation lett - insead workshop agendal . doc - rsvp  form . doc  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129",0
1421,"Subject: henwood team  folks ,  i have been a bit quiet here since reaching india , primarily because of the  delay in the arrival of the henwood team from australia .  they are finally arriving on sunday , and krishna is joining me in mumbai on  sunday evening itself .  i would like to fix a schedule to have a conference call with you on the data  and the type fo questions that you all would like to ask .  stinson - could you please tell me what time would be a good one for you all  to hae a confernce call , but not earlier than monday evening , india time  ( monday morning houston time ) . please jot me a note on what would be a good  time for the call .  i will work out an agenda for the call . primarily , it will be discussion of  the data and on what runs we should do to begin with .  another key part of this will be the rate case that mseb is filing , because  this will determine what wil be mseb ' s paymet capability in 2001 / 02 . this is  critical for us . we have our in - house expert who has been working on this  for some time now , and he will also present some of the material on that call .  regards ,  sandeep .  ps : : i am forwarding the basic data that henwood has sent to the whole team  so that you have an opportunity to look at it , if you havent already got it .",0
83,"Subject: we know our sto - cks  pop 3 media corp ( popt )  a company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major  media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , publishing  and technoiogy companies .  current price : 0 . 025  will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you  like momentum .  breaking news ! !  pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the  companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil |  acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholly owned subsidiary , viastar  distribution group , inc . "" vdg , "" forming a revolutionary new music company ,  controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of  stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a  33 % stake in the new company .  roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los  angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment  corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and  execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek shareholder  approva | immediately thereafter .  pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , "" this ailiance wi | | allow pop 3 to  achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music  industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they  create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers  access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . ""  roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives  drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house  producers who are among the most infiuentia | taients in the music industry  today .  "" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major  labels ' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labeis that  cast aside established artists who can no longer generate multi - miilion  selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell  hundreds of thousands of records to a | arge and loya | fan base ; artists  that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 million per titie , ""  stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .  "" additionaliy , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the ability  to distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22 , 0 oo retai |  location in north america , effectiveiy doubling the company ' s net  profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our  artists . ""  mr . shebanow conciuded , "" while there are smaller | abels that do provide  a home for these acts , they lack either the wi | | or financial resources  to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have  on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great  producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the  customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . ""  about pop 3 media corp :  pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution  of entertainment - reiated media for fiim , teievision , music and  publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy inciudes ownership of  viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures  international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and  viastar ciassica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk  corporation .  conciusion :  the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known  companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are  already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for  you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch  this one trade monday ! go popt .  penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable  for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way  affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars  to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and  advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .  if you wish to stop future mai | - ings , or if you fee | you have been  wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in  the sub ject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com",1
1076,"Subject: 35 % lifetime renewals - unbeatable product !  don ' t forget to visit our web  site !  please fill out the form below for  contracting information and marketing supplies  first name :  last name :  e - mail :  phone :  address :  address 2 :  city :  state :  zip :  we  don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to  receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance  professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply  to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net  legal notice ",1
3226,"Subject: re : "" analytical "" var implementation in risktrac  debbie ,  i am forwarding to you a 2 page document describing implementation of  "" analytical "" var in risktrac .  here is why this effort is very important :  1 . we need to calculate var for other percentile but 5 ( 1 % or even 0 . 2 % as  mentioned by rick buy )  and our simulation model can not handle required number of simulations ;  2 . we need to present additional risk measures ( such as mean tail loss ) to  the board .  the analytical approach is implemented in a spreadsheet and fully tested  already so there will be no problems  with the algorithm itself .  we need to get together and discuss it implementation .  what do you think ?  tanya",0
3967,"Subject: moddeling support for dpc related issues  a quick update on the status of sandeep kohli .  he is working currently in my group . he is available on a very short notice to help you with  any quantitative modeling that can be required in making decisions regarding  our dpc strategy . in case you need his help , he can also rely on the support  of other members of my group with skills in different areas .  vince kaminski",0
250,"Subject: set & forget ! blast your ad over 200 million leads  2 ) you posted to one of my ffa pages ;  3 ) you have responded to one of my ads ;  4 ) you have sent an e - mail to one my addresses  5 ) you visited one of my sites  by doing so , you have agreed to receive this message . under bill s .  l 6 l 8 title iii passed by the 105 th us congress this letter cannot be  considered spam as long as the sender includes contact information &  a method of "" removal . "" however this is a one time mailing so there ' s no  removal required . thank you for your kind consideration .  @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ disclaimer @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @",1
2740,"Subject: information  shalesh ,  please , look into it . can we give them this information ?  i see a remote possibility of a gain for enron : it ' s in our interest to  support  the growth of this market and part of the process is development of the  infrastructure for this market and maintaining public interest .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000  09 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" yann d ' halluin "" on 11 / 16 / 2000 01 : 18 : 39 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : information  dear sir :  the scientific computation group at the university of  waterloo , ontario , canada , has recently started to be very  interested in the recent developments of the bandwidth  market . we find that the specifics of the bandwidth market  offer challenges from the modelling point  of view .  however , we have encountered difficulties when looking for  data , and we were wondering if you could help us . specifically  we would like to know for a given city pair for the different  existing type of lines ( e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 . . . . )  1 . what has been the spot lease prices ( e . g . $ / line - type / mile ) for  the past 12 months ?  2 . what is the price of the dark fiber for a given type of line ?  3 . what is the maintenance cost $ / month ?  ( for the same lines , e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 , . . . )  4 . what is the upgrading cost for the different lines ?  ( e . g . how much does it cost to upgrade )  oc 3 - - > ocl 2  oc 3 - - > oc 48  ocl 2 - - > oc 48  5 . how long does it take to upgrade a line from a certain  capacity to another ( e . g . 1 month , 2 month , . . . ) ?  we realize that some of these questions may ask for confidential  data , in that case we would really appreciate if an order of magnitude  was provided . i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  yann d ' halluin  p . s : here is a link to our web page :  http : / / www . scicom . uwaterloo . ca  - -  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . any unauthorized review , use , disclosure or distribution  is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact  the sender by reply e - mail and destroy all copies of the original  message . ",0
2790,"Subject: re : december 6 th meeting  theresa ,  thanks . i appreciate it .  happy thanksgiving and please give my regards and best  wishes to howard .  vince  "" convery , theresa "" on 11 / 22 / 2000 09 : 39 : 53 am  to : "" vince kaminski ( e - mail ) ""  cc : "" kunreuther , howard ""  subject : december 6 th meeting  dear mr . kaminski :  this is to confirm the december 6 th meeting here at our center .  the location for the meeting is room # 3212 steinberg hall - dietrich hall and  the time will run from 9 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am .  please let us know if you need anything further .  we look forward to seeing you then .  regards ,  theresa convery  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  theresa convery  administrative assistant  risk and decision processes center  the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania  ( 215 ) 898 - 5688 / fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130  tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu",0
3449,"Subject: re : bryan seyfried visiting houston  i have scheduled the meeting for friday , february 11 at 9 : 00 am .  have a great day !  shirley  vince j kaminski  01 / 31 / 2000 08 : 52 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , danya  moody / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : bryan seyfried visiting houston  shirley ,  can you please set up the meeting .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000  08 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  danya moody  01 / 31 / 2000 08 : 32 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : bryan seyfried visiting houston  hi vince  bryan seyfried will be in houston on the 9 , 10 & 11 th february and was hoping  to arrange an hour with you on one of these days . he is available any time  except the morning of 10 th february .  could you please let me know if this is possible and if so what time suits  you .  thanks  danya",0
5242,"Subject: tff 2001 meeting date question  hello from texas ,  we are trying to set up our meeting date for the 2001 conference and have run  into a snag . we cannot get our san antonio hotel on the first weekend in  april ( as last year ) . however , we can get the hotel and make all our "" fun ""  arrangements for the second weekend in april . however , this is easter  weekend . the good news is that the room rates are substantially lower  because it ' s a holiday . however , we are concerned that holding the meeting  on this particular friday - saturday will interfere with family plans such that  some or many of you may not be able to attend .  my related question to you is this :  does holding the meeting on the second weekend in april ( easter weekend ) pose  a problem for you ? please give us your thoughts asap even if you think you  may not be able to attend this year ' s conference . we need your opinion to  guide our decision .  thanks and i hope to see you all again next april ( sometime ) !  john  p . s . we are very fortunate to have enron return as our corporate sponsor  again this year .  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0
1172,"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1
1493,"Subject: re : visit to houston  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 13 / 2001  04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stinson gibner  02 / 13 / 2001 04 : 36 pm  to : nick bambos @ enron  cc :  subject : re : visit to houston  nick ,  friday , march 9 seems to be better for jim fallon . we are tentatively  setting meeting with him , paul racicot , and probably arshak sarkissian who is  heading the ip trading effort . let me know if you would like to give a  presentation so we can reserve a room and send invitations .  it will be fun to see you and giuseppe again . i am looking forward to your  visit .  regards ,  stinson  nick bambos on 02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 33 : 33 am  to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  cc : gappy @ stanford . edu , cope @ csli . stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to houston  hi stinson ,  eventually , the team here ( giuseppe , eric , myself ) has converged to two  possible dates to propose for a visit :  1 ) friday , march 2  2 ) friday , march 9  how do these look on your side ?  we ' ll structure the agenda immediately after we fix the date .  i look forward to seeing you again .  best ,  nick  stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should  > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule  > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in  > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research  > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current  > technology is evolving .  >  > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let  > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 .  >  > looking forward to talking with you .  >  > - - stinson",0
2333,"Subject: re : power play book  vince ,  you are a saint for lending me a copy of your book . i agree with you that we  don ' t want increase there revenues even by a $ 1 . 00 , although my  recommendation ( and mark palmer ' s as well ) is that we should pursue a  rebuttal for the following reasons :  as i mentioned i scoured the internet ( britannica . com , amazon . com , yahoo . com  and dow jones ) and could not find one mention of the book , therefore mr .  mehta ' s distribution must not be wide at all . consequently , his comments may  not have reached a large audience . issuing a rebuttal , may in fact , draw  more attention to the comments and issues then they are currently receiving .  i believe we should proceed with caution , and respond accordingly ( with  counter comments ) only when comments are solicited from us . so far , we have  not received any telephone inquiries from media in relation to mr . mehta ' s  enron bashing . may be we should ' leave the stones unturned ' .  let me know what you think . also , please contact me when it is convenient  for me to borrow the book from you .  regards ,  cindy  vince j kaminski @ ect  10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 38 pm  to : cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : power play book  cindy ,  i got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in  india .  i can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important  chapters .  i don ' t think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of  the book .  in general , i think that we should counter the presentations made by mr .  mehta . the person in charge of  our dhabol operation is a stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an  invitation  to speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are . he should be  here for the management  conference .  vince  from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 11 / 2000 01 : 30 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : power play book  good afternoon vince ,  christie patrick mentioned to me the conference that your wife recently  attended at stanford . at this coference abahy mehta discussed his / her  recently published book ' power play ' - that certainly does not flatter  enron . i have conducted a search on amazon . com , britannica . com and dow jones  and i am coming up empty handed . would you be kind enough to briefly trouble  your wife to provide any other information she may remember , so i can narrow  my search .  i greatly appreciate it .  regards ,  cindy",0
2779,"Subject: dinner speaker - may 23  vince :  michael crew would like you to be a speaker on wednesday , may 23 rd  instead of the 24 th at the rutgers conference . is this ok ?  he is preparing the agenda and needs to know as soon as possible .  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001  02 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" michael a . crew "" on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 07 : 52 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com , crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ,  kleindorfer @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : dinner speaker - may 23  shirley ,  this is to follow up today ' s conversation with anita . as mentioned paul  kleindorfer invited vince to be our dinner speaker on thursday , may 24 . on  reflection given the strong line up for wednesday - fred kahn et al - we  would very much like vince to be the speaker on wednesday . this will  conclude the day very well giving participants a strong incentive to be there  for the wednesday .  i gather that this change should be acceptable to vince .  we will show vince ' s name as follows :  wincety j . kaminski  managing director - research  enron  jeremy will be em ailing you the program with this information immediately .  we would like to go to press today . failing that we can go to press  tomorrow . we would very much appreciate your confirming this and making any  corrections or changes . if you would respond to all of us it would be  appreciated .  michael  michael a . crew  professor ii  director - center for research in regulated industries  editor - journal of regulatory economics  rutgers university , graduate school of management  180 university avenue  newark , n . j . 07102 - 1897  phone : 973 353 5049 fax : 973 353 1348  http : / / www - rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri",0
95,"Subject: v - shoop  hello , welcome to the medzonli cloaca ne  - online pharmaceutical valorize shop .  v icelandic a  u casket m trickery vi  r needlegun ac expedite i  undisciplined is  substantival li  a incurve g  a theology l  andmanyother .  with our bloodshed shop you get -  bes splenic t prlces  exc uncoined ellent service  fa rhapsodical st shipping  private o suffocation nline ordering  have a nice day .",1
4581,"Subject: sas  to the group :  if you wish to use sas , there are a few simple things you need to do :  1 ) you need to get a unix password if you don ' t already have one ( your user  id will be the same as on the nt network , but a different password is issued )  2 ) you need a program called "" exceed "" on your pc . request it from it ( you  already have this if you are already a user of lim on the unix platform )  3 ) you need an "" ftp "" program on your pc . you can go to www . download . com and  download one ( i like wsftp )  4 ) exceed is funny in the way it runs . when you invoke exceed ( or lim  advanced user ( under infobases ) if you already have this ) it will install  itself the first time , and will then "" disappear "" to the taskbar . you need to  * right * click on the taskbar on exceed , and then choose "" tools "" and "" client  startup "" and then "" new . ""  you will enter a box which should already be set for rexec and an xwindow  emulation . you need to specify the host type as sun , enter your user name and  password , set the host name to :  capers . ect . enron . com  and then , on the command line , type the following ( carefully ) :  / usr / openwin / bin / xterm - display @ d  then , use the file menu to save this as capers . xs and then click on the run !  menu . within a second or two , a window will open up with you logged into the  serve capers . you are now on a unix server , and the directory is your home  directory . from here , if you simply type "" sas "" the 3 windows for an  interactive session with sas should open on your desktop . you are in business .  5 ) you also need to install your ftp . follow the procedures with the  software , and then create a new session called "" enron "" where you choose as  the server simply "" earth "" ( do not add any further descriptors such as  . enron . com ) . supply your user name and * unix * password , check the "" remember  password "" box , and the default communication setups should be correct ( eg ,  host type as "" automatic detect "" ) .  when you invoke ftp and connect to enron , it will put you in your home  directory on the unix system , the same directory your xwindow comes up in  under exceed .  if you have any problems , i ' ll be happy to help  clayton  ps i have a complete set of new sas manuals i am happy to loan out if you ' ll  just write your name down when you take them .",0
2762,"Subject: re : ff vols from historical fwd price curves  winston ,  i am sending you ffd vol curves which are calculated based on 1 month ( 18  log - returns )  of data with 0 . 97 decay factor . these vols give $ 3 . 14 m in var for  storage - prc ( versus 3 . 37 in production  for 5 / 30 / 00 ) .  tell me what i need to change in the format so that it is convenient for you .  tanya",0
1263,"Subject: * free real estate info ! *  great news webmaster ,  finally - a foreclosure tycoon reveals his most closely guarded secrets !  for the first time ever , we are proud to bring you foreclosure ' s most closely guarded secrets - a complete , turn - key system to either owning your own home or making a fortune in foreclosure real estate without tenants , headaches and bankers .  free information for a revolutionary brand - new approach to show you exactly how to buy a foreclosure or make a fortune in foreclosure real estate in today ' s market .  are you ready to take advantage of this amazing information ?  webmaster , take this first step to improving your life in the next 2 minutes !  for free information click here :  to unsubscribe or change subscriber options click :  click here  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ",1
2700,"Subject: re : eol pricing algorithm  hi bob ,  some comments :  1 . you request enron position after successful market order , but not after limit order - - you may want it after limit order as well to be consistent . i am not clear on how you would use enron position . it is possible that the trading desk will have a target position in mind and they will set bids and offers in such a way as to try to achieve that target position , but this target position probably changes continuously and is not stored anywhere , and without this target position there is nothing to compare actual enron position to . of course , enron position may still provide some insights .  2 . you request bid - mid - ask prices for each trade - - - given that a successful trade may execute later than time of order ( especially for limit orders ) , would you need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over this time interval ( time of order to time of execution ) ? also , for failed trades , you may need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over the time interval from time of order to time of rejection . this again mainly applies to limit orders , as the time intervals may not be significant for market orders given the speed of execution ( something to check ) .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lee , bob  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 8 : 33 am  to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant ; barkley , tom  cc : lu , zimin ; huang , alex ; gibner , stinson  subject : eol pricing algorithm  a draft data request for eol data we would use to study p & l patterns for the "" george "" pricing algorithm is attached for your review .  i would like to send this to andy zipper and jay webb this afternoon .  bob  >",0
2587,Subject: happy holidays !  i wish you wonderful holidays and a  happy happy new year with many  blessings !  shirley,0
1252,"Subject: mix , rip and burn like a pro . download realplayer plus now .  advanced cd burning rip , mix and burn cds and mp 3 s faster at 320 kbps .  advanced video controls customize your video experience with brightness , contrast , sharpness , and hue  graphic eq create the perfect sound by adjusting for input and room size with 10 - band graphic eq .  crossfade set up segues , close gaps between tracks , and mix like a pro . ",1
1002,"Subject: from brand names to generics , from overexpenditures to great sav . vings .  with a tight budget , can you gain effective alleviations ? there are a lot of  vvays to help you out .  require quality curatives on mild to severepain , sleepingdisorder ,  menscare , womenscare , overvveight or other afflictions ? uncover the finest  offerings .  our medzone has a better option for sh . oppers . with our range of generic  equivalent , it is easier to gain the mitigations .  brovvse our collections if you do vvant to sa . ve on medicaments .  the latest info . about the shipments will be shovvn in real . time .  vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings .  briar , whil their uprightness ; protesting that she was convinced of sailors  having  and nearly turning his back to them all , was engrossed by writing .  e i was sent in to ge t my tea . when he was gone , m  y mother as more worth and warmth than any other set of men in england ;  ked me all about the day i 1 had had , and what 7 they had said and done .  i men tioned what they had said a",1
2968,"Subject: spvs  hi , vince ,  merry christmas and happy new year !  please see attached brief descriptions of spvs , to my knowledge , there are a  couple more and i will keep you posted .  best regards ,  li",0
2407,"Subject: re : this summer ' s houston visits 2  anjam ,  it makes sense to come to houston for a longer time period .  i think that you should spend here at least 3 weeks .  vince  anjam ahmad  04 / 28 / 2000 05 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : this summer ' s houston visits 2  hi vince ,  one of my only windows of opportunity right now is to schedule the houston  visit for monday 10 th july for a single week only .  regards ,  anjam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 28 / 04 / 2000 11 : 33  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steven leppard  28 / 04 / 2000 10 : 15  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee  hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect  subject : this summer ' s houston visits  vince , dale  here are our proposals for houston visits from our group :  kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean  she needs to be in the uk for august . )  ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover  in london office . )  steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september .  anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience .  matt not a permanent research group member . i ' m asking richard ' s group to  pay for his visit , probably in august .  steve",0
415,"Subject: new extensions now only $ 14 . 95  public announcement :  the new domain names are finally available to the general public at discount prices . now you can register one of the exciting new . biz or . info domain names , as well as the original . com and . net names for just $ 14 . 95 . these brand new domain extensions were recently approved by icann and have the same rights as the original . com and . net domain names . the biggest benefit is of - course that the . biz and . info domain names are currently more available . i . e . it will be much easier to register an attractive and easy - to - remember domain name for the same price . visit : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com today for more info .  register your domain name today for just $ 14 . 95 at : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com . registration fees include full access to an easy - to - use control panel to manage your domain name in the future .  sincerely ,  domain administrator  affordable domains  to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here :  07 ",1
1127,"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  lf you want  peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in muitipie search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best reqards ,  brianneholden _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
1059,"Subject: special report ! tivo : now or never ?  in this issue  interactive tv power rankings !  tivo : now or never ?  breaking news  coming attractions !  be a star !  email us : : visit our site  phone : 310 - 314 - 0603  this email was sent to , at your request , by tvpredictions . com .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  view our privacy policy .  powered by ",1
5702,"Subject: dr . michelle foss - energy institute  christie ,  i am forwarding you a message i have received from the university of houston .  can you help them ? we have a very good relationship with the uoh .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001  05 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  aisha jamal on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 15 : 29 pm  please respond to aisha @ uh . edu  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : mmfoss @ uh . edu  subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute  dear mr . kaminski ,  i am writing to ask a favor for dr . michelle foss . as you know we will  be running our "" new era "" program from may 14 - may 25 th . dr . foss was  wondering if on may 22 nd ( between 1 : 30 pm and 4 : 00 pm ) , we would be able to  bring  our participants for a tour of your trading floor . at this time we will have  30 - 40 people , and since only 10 people maximum should really be on a  trading floor we need to have 4 companies among which to divide our  participants . at this time , we have a floor from coral energy , and are  working with duke ,  and i will be contacting mr . paul roberts to arrange for the reliant energy  trading floor . i was hoping very much that you would be able to direct  me to the right person to contact to arrange this tour . will this be a  possiblity ? i really appreciate your help very much . thank you !  best regards ,  aisha jamal  energy institute  713 - 743 - 4634",0
444,"Subject: entrust your visual identity to us  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of iogos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing  toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amongthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
4784,"Subject: re : tom costantino  i ' ll set him up on an interview schedule . thanks . jeff  vince j kaminski  01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 01 pm  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : tom costantino  jeff ,  it seems that nymex will not make a decision any time soon  or they rejected tom . i think the latter is the case .  tom is looking for a trading or origination job with enron .  i think that we can use his expertise here .  vince  from : jeffrey a shankman on 01 / 29 / 2001 03 : 50 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tom costantino  i thought he was in the running for the president position , after pat died .  he phoned me today - - did he indicate to you in what he is interested ?  jeff  vince j kaminski  01 / 29 / 2001 02 : 12 pm  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron  subject : tom costantino  jeff , greg and john ,  our old friend tom costantino is interested in coming back  to enron . it seems that his move to nymex either will not happen  or will not happen for some time .  you can contact him at home :  phone : ( 713 ) 860 8687 ( h )  vince",0
1244,"Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ?  submitting your website in search engines may increase  your online sales dramatically .  if you invested time and money into your website , you  simply must submit your website  online otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .  if you want  people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do  that is to  make your site visible in places  where peopie search for information , i . e .  submit your  website in multiple search engines .  submit your website online  and watch visitors stream to your e - business .  best regards ,  beatrizbass _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
4600,"Subject: overview of hr associates / analyst project  per david ' s request , attached is an overview of the hr associates / analysts  project - creating a human resource value index . this document will provide  a brief , top - line overview of the following :  description of the challenges  people involved  positive outcomes  high - level description of the process we suggest  if you have any questions before our tuesday meeting please contact either  myself or dan brown .  thanks ! tana cashion  david oxley @ ect  10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 20 am  to : gerry gibson / corp / enron @ enron  cc : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , tim  o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect , daniel  brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna palmer / hou / ect @ ect ,  cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kay  chapman / hou / ect @ ect , sarah a davis / hou / ect @ ect , marla barnard / enron  communications @ enron communications , pam butler / hr / corp / enron @ enron , michelle  cash / hou / ect @ ect , brian schaffer / corp / enron @ enron , suzanne brown / hou / ect @ ect ,  robert jones / corp / enron @ enron , neil davies / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next  steps  i notice my calender doesn ' t yet seem to have this meeting scheduled . i will  ask kay chapman ( since rhonna has now deserted me ! ) to help put a time  together . drew / mary , fyi sorry i didn ' t get a chance to send you this before .  let me know if you want to attend , happy to have you there .  gerry , can you help me put an agenda together so that everyone knows what we  are looking to achieve here . in broad terms i am looking to do the following :  update all on project we set hr associate group and their recommendations  discuss their recommendations and look at any refinements or ideas we think  we should also incorporate ( see my thumb nail sketch notes inspired by  associate group below ) .  reaffirm commitment to take this project forward and agree :  team for doing so  resources and timimg  methodology for agreeing final version .  my ambition is that we ( but in particular andrea , bob , gerry , tim , tana , dan ,  neil , myself and possibly suzanne if she can given the work she had already  done in this area ) all agree to contribute to this and get it done without  the need for a formation of a new team or group . obviously everyone welcome  to participate .  tana / dan ,  can you cicruclate a summary of your teams proposals to this group so we they  can review before meeting . could you also agree within your team who you  would like to attend this meeting ( i would suggest 2 or 3 of you attend  rather than all ) .  thanks  david  david oxley  09 / 26 / 2000 11 : 38 am  to : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , gerry  gibson / corp / enron @ enron , tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c  bland / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna  palmer / hou / ect @ ect , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron  subject : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next  steps  rhonna ,  please arrange a meeting later this week for all of those addressed by this  message ( vince , it would great if one of your team could attend since we will  need some heavy statistical and analytical help to complete this project ) .  the prupose of the meeting will be to discuss and delegate next steps  required to implement the hr associate groups recommendations for the  development of an hr "" value index "" at enron .  i would anticipate we will need approx 45 minutes .  david",0
2158,"Subject: 2000 projects  in order to better understand the research group , can i get a list of  projects that your group works on during 2000 ? were these projects budgeted  for separately in 2000 ? if the answer is yes , can we do a comparison  analysis on these projects ( actual vs plan ) ? based on the 2001 plan , i do  not think we budgeted by project , but i have to ask . . . if you have any  questions , please call me at 5 - 7094 . thanx .",0
640,"Subject: upgrade  welcome  welcome to a community of sellers that have achieved exceptional level of success and positive feedback on ebay !  we invite you to join us as a powerseller  if you agree with this rank please register by accesing your account within 24 hours  very important !  the registration is active only once .  why become a powerseller ?  powersellers are ebay top sellers who have sustained a consistent high volume of monthly sales and a high level of total feedback with 98 % positive or better . as such , these sellers rank among the most successful sellers in terms of product sales and customer satisfaction on ebay . we are proud to recognize their contributionsto the success of the ebay community !  when you see this icon next to the member ' s user id , be assured that the member is a qualified powerseller who not only maintains a solid sales record but also a 98 % positive feedback rating based on transactions with other ebay users . you can feel assured that your transaction will go smoothly and that you are dealing with one who has consistently met the requirements established by ebay .  about ebay | announcements | security center | policies | site map | help  copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy .  ebay official time ",1
73,"Subject: congratulations hpshum you ' ve won !  congratulations !  official  notification  hpshum @ hotmail . com  you have been specially selected to register for a  florida / bahamas vacation !  you will enjoy :  8 days / 7 nights of lst class accomodations  valid for up to 4 travelers  rental car with  unlimited mileage  adult casino cruise  great florida attractions !  much much more . . .  click here !  ( limited availability )  to no longer receive this or any other offer from us , click here to unsubscribe .  [ bjk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]",1
5219,"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  thanks for the invitation to speak on october 23 rd .  would you like me to split my presentation and devote  some time to the enron analyst / associate program ?  i plan to make presentation on energy derivatives markets  ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation  challenges , enron ' s role in developing the forward markets for natural gas  and electricity ) .  i shall send you the bullet points in a few days .  vince  "" shmuel oren "" on 09 / 18 / 2000 09 : 51 : 29 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  vince  please send me a title for the talk with your job title etc . and an abstract  for your talk . you will have about an hour .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to :  cc :  sent : friday , september 15 , 2000 6 : 04 pm  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  > shmuel ,  >  > sorry for not getting back to you earlier .  > if the 23 rd of october is still open , i can make the presentation on this  > day .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 18 : 15 am  >  > to :  > cc :  > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  >  > originally you mentioned october 23 so i reserved that week which is still  > open .  > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > shmuel s . oren , professor  > dept . of industrial engineering  > and operations research  > 4117 etcheverry hall  > university of california  > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from :  > to :  > cc : ; ;  >  > sent : wednesday , august 30 , 2000 9 : 03 am  > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  >  >  > >  > > shmuel ,  > >  > > let ' s see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers  > > or change the date of our visit to the campus . ashley baxter , our  > > coordinator is very efficient and  > > got a faculty room for a presentation on monday morning on the 16 th .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 29 / 2000 05 : 37 : 33 pm  > >  > > to :  > > cc :  > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > >  > >  > > dear vince . i spoke too soon . apparently the seminar slot on the 16 was  > > already filled . i will see if i can switch the speaker for that week to  > the  > > following week . in any case we are on for dinner on the 16 .  > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > and operations research  > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > university of california  > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > >  > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > from :  > > to :  > > cc : ;  > > sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 01 pm  > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > >  > >  > > >  > > > shmuel ,  > > >  > > > the date of our trip to berkeley has been set . it will be october 16 th  > > and  > > > 17 th  > > > ( monday and tuesday ) .  > > >  > > > i shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets  > > > ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation  > difficulties ,  > > > enron ' s role  > > > in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity ) .  > > >  > > > please , let me know if this topic would be of interest to you . if this  > is  > > > the  > > > case , i shall follow with a title and an abstract .  > > >  > > > by the way , are you free for dinner on monday ?  > > >  > > > vince  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 59 : 38 am  > > >  > > > to : "" vince j kaminski ""  > > > cc :  > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > >  > > >  > > > great . our seminars are 3 : 30 to 5 pm . if it works for you please send  me  > a  > > > title and abstract .  > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > > and operations research  > > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > > university of california  > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > >  > > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > > from : "" vince j kaminski ""  > > > to : "" shmuel oren ""  > > > cc : "" vince j kaminski "" ; "" ashley baxter ""  > > >  > > > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 9 : 58 am  > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > >  > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > shmuel ,  > > > >  > > > > thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley  > baxter ,  > > > > to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  > > > > if this date works for the rest of our team .  > > > >  > > > > vince  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > "" shmuel oren "" on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  > > > >  > > > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  > > > > cc :  > > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > dear vince .  > > > > i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you  > > about  > > > the  > > > > date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if  you  > > can  > > > > schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a  > > > seminar  > > > > which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty  > and  > > > will  > > > > give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with  > > sufficient  > > > > lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their  > > > financial  > > > > engineering students .  > > > > shmuel .  > > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > > shmuel s . oren , professor  > > > > dept . of industrial engineering  > > > > and operations research  > > > > 4117 etcheverry hall  > > > > university of california  > > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  > > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  > > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  > > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  > > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /  > > > >  > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > > > from :  > > > > to : ; ;  > > > >  > > > > sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  > > > > subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > > shmuel ,  > > > > >  > > > > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram  > sogomonian ,  > > a  > > > > > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible ,  > > among  > > > > > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or  > technical  > > > > > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give  > > you  > > > a  > > > > > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > > > > > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would  > join  > > me  > > > > > as well .  > > > > >  > > > > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst /  > associate  > > > > > program .  > > > > >  > > > > > vince kaminski  > > > > >  > > > > >  > > > > > vincent kaminski  > > > > > managing director - research  > > > > > enron corp .  > > > > > 1400 smith street  > > > > > room ebl 962  > > > > > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  > > > > >  > > > > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > > > > > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > > > > > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  > > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0
4929,"Subject: re : storage book / luken ' s storage model  just a reminder about the storage meeting today , april 27 . it is still  scheduled for 3 : 00 pm in 30 cl .  thank you .  geraldine irvine  04 / 24 / 2000 11 : 44 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , colleen  sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect ,  thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , jim schwieger / hou / ect @ ect , chris  gaskill / corp / enron @ enron , bhavna pandya / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a  shankman / hou / ect @ ect , sean boyle / corp / enron @ enron , ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect  cc : mark breese / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , airam  arteaga / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly brown / hou / ect @ ect , laura  harder / corp / enron @ enron , barbara lewis / hou / ect @ ect  subject : storage book / luken ' s storage model  please plan to attend a meeting on thursday , april 27 , from 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 p . m .  to discuss luken ' s storage model and , more importantly , where we want to go  with a storage book . this meeting will be in eb - 30 cl .  any questions , contact mark breese ( ext . 3 - 6751 ) or gerri irvine ( ext .  3 - 6145 ) .",0
3063,"Subject: risk management it offsite meeting notes  fyi .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  08 / 24 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : maureen craig @ ees 08 / 23 / 2000 06 : 19 pm  to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , scott yeargain / hou / ees @ ees , ress  young / hou / ees @ ees , timothy j hamilton / hou / ees @ ees , barend  vanderhorst / hou / ees @ ees , ford cooper / hou / ees @ ees , megan corley / hou / ees @ ees ,  steven r meyers / hou / ees @ ees , burt bailey / hou / ees @ ees , dave  roberts / hou / ees @ ees , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , mallik avs / hou / ees @ ees ,  travis julian / efs / ees @ ees , ryan tull / hou / ees @ ees , glenn dickson / hou / ees @ ees ,  scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , sanjay agarwal / hou / ees @ ees ,  david draper / hou / ees @ ees , monica hwang / hou / ees @ ees , cathy  pittenger / hou / ees @ ees , kenneth lee / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni  krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees ,  sean a holmes / hou / ees @ ees , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m  eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , chuck hahn / sfo / ees @ ees  cc : marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , mike harris / hou / ees @ ees , mohsin  manzoor / hou / ees @ ees , stephen douglass / hou / ees @ ees , john krakoski / hou / ees @ ees ,  brian haskett / hou / ees @ ees , kelly cunningham / hou / ees @ ees , bernard  felefli / hou / ees @ ees , rudy tobias / hou / ees @ ees , michael clark / hou / ees @ ees ,  terry caudill / hou / ees @ ees , wpicker @ us . ibm . com , james welsh / hou / ees @ ees , james  johnson / hou / ees @ ees , ben castro / hou / ees @ ees , carol moffett / hou / ees @ ees  subject : risk management it offsite meeting notes  the ees / ibm it team would again like to thank all of you for your vigorous  participation in last weeks it needs analysis workshop . in particular , we  would like to extend appreciation to jay , dave roberts , and dennis for their  business presentations . thanks , as well , to meghan corley , barry  vanderhorst , burt bailey , and glenn dickson for presenting their individual  area needs , to meredith for overall assistance in creating and delivering the  agenda , and to marty for his sponsorship and support .  the team is currently assimilating the results and formulating an action plan  to address priority 1 , 2 , and 3 needs . actions to address many priority 1  items are underway . we will be reporting on this in marty ' s weekly staff  meeting .  attached below are the results from the meeting , as well as copies of all  materials that were presented . any additional feedback is welcome and  encouraged .  apologies to any participants that do not appear on this distribution . one  thing we failed to do was to take an attendees list . please forward to your  team mates , accordingly .  thank you ,  maureen craig and john krakoski",0
3250,"Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  dear vince .  i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the  date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can  schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar  which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will  give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient  lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial  engineering students .  shmuel .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : ; ;  sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > shmuel ,  >  > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a  > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among  > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical  > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a  > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me  > as well .  >  > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate  > program .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  >",0
1308,"Subject: clear benefits of creative design  lt is really hard to recollect a company : the  market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good  catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte  wili make the task much easier .  we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your  company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that  without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it  will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts  will become much more effective . here is the list of clear  benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done  to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery  are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou  change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you  will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your  marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction  guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to  be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our  portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
3984,"Subject: re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  vince ,  i quite agree , we have to separate out price and position ,  and that is what we have done with the historical simulations / evt ideas . we  have taken today ' s delta - gamma , hold that frozen , and gone back historically  and looked at price changes and see what happens to portfolio changes .  garman and company have looked at gross historical portfolio changes , which i  agree is not the best approach , due to the artificiality imposed by largest  net open positions ( nop ) , such as we have seen recently .  regards  naveen  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 31 am  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir  gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  tanya , naveen ,  just a thought . changes in the portfolio values may combine both the changes  of prices and positions .  this happens if one tracks changes in the value of our historical gas  portfolio . a big jump in  the volumetric position from day to day , combined with a moderate price  movement may produce an  observation that looks artificially big .  if the volumetric position was frozen , it ' s just a scaling factor and there  should be  no discrepancy between your numbers . of course , the correct approach  is to separate the price process from the position changes .  vince  tanya tamarchenko  11 / 13 / 2000 08 : 38 am  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  naveen ,  i am trying to answer the question : what is the appropriate stochastic  process to model the behavior  of commodities ' prices in our var model . so what i do care about is the  behavior of log - returns .  any help is appreciated .  tanya .  naveen andrews @ enron  11 / 10 / 2000 04 : 35 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  tanya ,  we care about portfolio value changes , not log - returns of a  single contract , which has extremes in the behavior and can be fit to a  fat - tailed distribution . a 1 . 20 basis move , with 500 bcf position , is an  extreme event , anyway you slice it . in the literature , as elsewhere , i agree  for a single contract log - returns , they don ' t divide by vols .  regards  naveen  tanya tamarchenko @ ect  11 / 10 / 2000 04 : 17 pm  to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : looking for "" fat tails "" in time - series for ngi - socal  naveen ,  i got ngi - socal prices for prompt , prompt + 1 , . . . , prompt + 59 contracts .  for each contract i calculated moving average based on 21 log - returns as  well as moving volatility . then i calculated normalized log - returns :  [ return ( t ) - ave ( t ) ] / vol ( t )  and compared the results to normal distribution .  i could not find fat tails !  volatility changes a lot from day to day , so when people look at  log - returns ( not normalized ) it seems that there fat tails ( big spikes , large  returns more frequent than normal ) ,  which comes from the fact that volatility is not constant ( at all ) .  see the spreadsheet is under o : \ _ dropbox \ tanya  tanya",0
5630,"Subject: membership mixer tomorrow - paesanos lounge !  nesa / hea members ~  don ' t forget to join us tomorrow ( thursday , january 18 th ) for our first  membership mixer of 2001 at paesanos lounge located at 213 milam between  franklin and congress streets in the downtown market district . sponsored by  national energy & trade , llc , the fun begins at 5 : 00 p . m . and your first  drink is free when you mention you ' re with nesa / hea at the door . there will  be a buffet available for our group as well as valet parking .  remember that paesanos also offers a great selection of fine cigars for your  enjoyment while you network with other industry colleagues , and special  guest artist , yvonne washington , performs at 8 : 00 p . m . we ' re expecting a  great turnout , so don ' t be left out !  as part of our membership drive , bring a new member with you and become  eligible for a great door prize , graciously donated by kay atchison  ( nesa / hea co - chair ) from duke energy . it ' s a great opportunity to renew  your dues as well . again , if you didn ' t receive your renewal in the mail ,  i ' m attaching a pdf file that can be opened in adobe acrobat . if you don ' t  have that application , download it free from our website at www . nesanet . org .  hope to see you there ! you can ' t afford to miss this event !  >  - nesaneamembership . pdf",0
3576,"Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear kevin :  dr . kaminski , stinson gibner and zimin lu will interview you at the same time  in a group interview , which will last approximately 1 hour .  if it meets with your approval , i have scheduled the telephone interview for  this friday , august 4 at 1 : 00 pm . they will call you at 713 - 630 - 0768 .  fyi . the research group is responsible for option modeling , building systems  for risk quantification and management , development of optimization systems ,  assisting with statistical analysis and anything that requires advanced math ,  for  all of enron .  if you have any other questions , please let me know .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative assistant  enron corp . research  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  ningbo xu on 08 / 01 / 2000 11 : 30 : 44 am  to : "" ' shirley crenshaw ' ""  cc : "" ' kevinxu 98 @ yahoo . com ' ""  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear shirley ,  sorry for getting back with you until today . i have been out of town since  last friday and didn ' t have access to emails .  i appreciate the opportunities to talk with mr . kaminski , mr . gibner , and  mr . lu and look forward to their phone calls . as to the date and time , i  will be available all day this friday and any day next week . please let me  know when they will be available so that i can arrange schedule to  accommodate . i can be reached at 713 - 630 - 0768 .  also , i have a couple of questions that i hope to get your help :  1 . will the interview be a group interview or each of them will talk with me  individually ?  2 . what ' s the role of the research group at enron ?  thank you very much and look forward to hearing from you .  kevin xu  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shirley crenshaw  to : xuni @ olin . wustl . edu  sent : 7 / 28 / 00 11 : 45 am  subject : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  good afternoon mr . xu  your resume has been forwarded to the research group with enron corp .  they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your  convenience .  please let me know your available dates and times along with the  telephone  number you may be reached at and they will call you .  the interviewers would be :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  zimin lu director  look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 / 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com",0
1388,Subject: t . v .  we are in need of a 9 inch t . v . set .  the set will be located betweeneb 3240 e and  eb 3240 f .  r . c . # 100038  co . # 0011  please if any more information is needed  please call me x 34710 .  also please provide e . t . a .  thanks  kevin moore,0
3019,"Subject: interview - credit derivatives  dear vince :  thank you for the invitation yesterday . it was a pleasure to meet you all and learn more about the group , it ' s structure and to some extent what you are involved in . please extend my thanks to all of them .  i am particularly interested in the credit swap trading platform that enron has recently started . such a platform will provide unique visibility into the credit markets . as you suggested i tried to learn more about this from tanya . i would like to learn more and if possible meet other people more directly linked to the effort .  just simple instruments like credit swaps will require serious modelling capability for the pricing and the hedging of these apparently simple intruments . the market visibility i mention above can be explored through credit derivatives trading successfully if enron possesses superior ( vis a vis morgan stanley , salomon smith barney , chase manhatan , etc . ) modelling technology in credit derivatives . i can and would like to consider the possibility of doing this for enron . i would like to help develop and participate in putting together that business .  as i mentioned to you i have done some work in credit derivatives and am deeply familiar with virtually all the work of the principal academics in credit derivatives namely : duffie , lando , tuffano , duffee , das , lelland , etc . i have read carefully most of their work ( published as well as working papers ) on the subject to date .  i look forward to hearing from you .  best regards  joao",0
1128,Subject: take the pill and enjoy great sex  the men is rich when he is healthy !  let your life be a counter friction to stop the machine .  human reason is by nature architectonic .  all professions are conspiracies against the laity .,1
4482,"Subject: re : var meetings in houston  shirley ,  do you think we can get another room with better speaker phone ?  or , may be we can get better speaker phone ?  tanya  viacheslav danilov  04 / 19 / 2001 12 : 58 pm  to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stig faltinsen / eu / enron @ enron , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : var meetings in houston  hi tanya ,  in my view it is very good if stig and kirstee are involved in your var meetings . therefore , i think it is very useful for them to call houston .  could we get a little bit better equipment to allow them to hear everything well ?  many thanks ,  slava  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by viacheslav danilov / lon / ect on 19 / 04 / 2001 12 : 55 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  stig faltinsen @ enron  19 / 04 / 2001 16 : 23  to : viacheslav danilov / lon / ect @ ect  cc : kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : var meetings in houston  hi slava ,  kirstee and i find it useful to listen in on the var meetings in houston on wednesdays .  however , it is very difficult to follow the discussion due to a practical problem : we hear little or nothing at times .  a possible solution to this problem might be to ask whether one could install a "" spider phone "" in the var meeting room .  what i mean is a phone similar to the one in the rac morning meetings which have several remote speakers going out  from the main phone ( do you understand what i mean ? ) . if this is done , we would hear everyone around the table ,  not just those seated close to the phone .  what is you opinion on  a . us in london calling in to these meetings  b . getting some better equipment which would make it easier to follow the conversation ( "" spider phone "" or bigger speaker . . )  please let me know what your thoughts are ,  best regards ,  stig ",0
5381,"Subject: re : hotel for the wharton trip  hi vince -  jeff wanted me to let you know that he will not be able to go w / you on dec .  6 th to wharton . a meeting has come up that he must attend . sorry for the  short notice . thanks !  jennifer  vince j kaminski  11 / 20 / 2000 04 : 34 pm  to : jennifer burns / hou / ect @ ect  cc : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect ,  piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : hotel for the wharton trip  jennifer ,  this is the address of the hotel within a walking distance to the wharton  school .  please , make the reservation for jeff shankman at this hotel for the december  the 6 th meeting .  vince kaminski  http : / / www . innatpenn . com / contact . html  the inn at penn  sansom common , 3600 sansom street  philadelphia , pa . 19104  phone : 1 - 800 - 809 - 7001  fax : 215 - 222 - 4600  please , mention that the stay is related to the university business  when making the reservation .  tom piazze at wharton can confirm it .  tom piazze  phone : ( 215 ) 898 1615  piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu",0
3511,"Subject: re : enron , india database  sandeep ,  ?  we ' ve ? completed a review ? this morning to try to fill in missing pieces ? of  information on hourly load shapes , hydro dispatch history , and transactions  for india and have not come up with anything yet . would you know of any of  the above information which would ? assist us in our efforts ?  ?  thanks ,  ?  david yomogida  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : david  to : sandeep kohli  cc : robert schenck - australia ; vince j kaminski ; stinson gibner  sent : wednesday , january 10 , 2001 6 : 20 pm  subject : enron , india database  sandeep ,  ?  below , i have summarized henwood ' s work on the india database to date .  ?  the "" inter _ regional links . ppt "" file shows the topology and links between  bubbles in the our model and "" expand _ india _ data _ 011000 . xls "" details the  existing station information that we have compiled to date . ? total resources  closely match reported resources as shown in "" l & r _ 0110 . xls "" . reported india  total in 1997 is 86 , 000 mw and that in the henwood database is 84 , 000 mw  through 1997 .  ?  region  emss database  reported [ 1 ]  difference  india total  84 , 103  86 , 120  2 , 017  ?  ?  we are currently working on the development of hourly load shaping , seasonal  hydro energy allocation , and the gathering of transaction information .  sandeep , we will try to contact you tomorrow ( thursday - - australia ? or  wednesday - - united states ) to answer any questions that you may have on  this information .  ?  sincerely ,  ?  david yomogida  ?  ?",0
622,"Subject: extra time - cures premature ejaculation  hello ,  did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of  penetration ?  premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly  and without control . it occurs before or shortly after  penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual  pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of  guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression .  extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that ,  not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually "" cures "" it .  extra - time is the only product that allows "" you "" to control  when you ejaculate .  - non - hormonal herbal therapy .  - acts locally on the sex organs .  - regulates process of ejaculation .  - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway .  - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain .  look here : http : / / degradedly . com / et / ? meds  no thanks : http : / / degradedly . com / rr . php",1
1787,"Subject: re : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study -  to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  iris ,  we can mention to ben that the papers will be edited and  combined into a coherent review .  vince  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 49 pm  to : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ,  attached is a bit of feedback from ben regarding the papers listed below .  can you help me out here ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : parsons , ben  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 3 : 05 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi iris  i would not include paper 8 , as paper 7 supersedes it . also how much rewriting of these papers do you envisage ? some of them are not up - to - date , or were written poorly and under time - pressure , so what do you envisage eventually sending to duffie ?  thanks  ben  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 21 / 04 / 2001 22 : 30 cdt  to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue @ / o = enron / ou = na / cn = recipients / cn = notesaddr / cn = e 6795104 - 40 ff 9820 - 86256525 - 68 daao @ ex @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , craig chaney / enron @ enronxgate , kim detiveaux / enron @ enronxgate , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford  hi ben ,  i think i have read all the papers that are to be used in the comparative model study to be sent to professor duffie at stanford .  these documents are all listed below . please let me know if i have omitted any ( however , don ' t get the impression that i am begging for more papers to read ) .  now i will try to transform my notes into a draft for professor duffie .  thanks ,  iris  list of papers for comparative model study  1 . actively managing corporate credit risk : new methodologies and instruments for non - financial firms  by r . buy , v . kaminski , k . pinnamaneni & v . shanbhogue  chapter in a risk book entitled credit derivatives : application for risk management , investment and portfolio optimisation  2 . neural network placement model  by george albanis , enroncredit ( 12 / 22 / 00 )  3 . pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements  by ben parsons and tomas valnek , research group  4 . a survey of contingent - claims approaches to risky debt valuation  by j . bohn  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  5 . the kmv edf credit measure and probabilities of default  by m . sellers , o . vasicek & a . levinson  www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html  6 . riskcalc for private companies : moody ' s default model  moody ' s investor service : global credit research  7 . discussion document : asset swap model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  8 . asset swap calculator : detailed functional implementation specification ( version 1 . 0 )  by ben parsons , research group  9 . discussion document : live libor bootstrapping model  by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 )  10 . the modelling behind the fair market curves : including country and industry offsets  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  11 . pricing portfolios of default swaps : synthetic cbos - moody ' s versus the full monte ( carlo )  by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group  12 . placement model vl . 0 : discussion document  by ben parsons , research group , 2000  13 . credit pricing methodology - enroncredit . com  by ben parsons , research group  14 . correlation : critical measure for calculating profit and loss on synthetic credit portfolios  by katherine siig , enron credit group  15 . discussion document : var model for enron credit  by ben parsons , research group , ( 1 / 3 / 01 )  16 . methodology to implement approximate var model for the credit trading portfolio  by kirstee hewitt , research group",0
1306,"Subject: graphic design from logos to websites  corporate image can say a lot of things about your  company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy  several seconds for  your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors .  get your loqo , business stationery or website done  right now !  fast turnaround : you wiil see severai logo variants  in three business days .  satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited  amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your  business .  fiexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional  formats , bulk orders , special packages .  creative design for  competitive price : have a look at it right now !",1
28,Subject: 25 mg did thhe trick  ho receivable w to save on your medlcatlons over 70 % .  pharmz ibidem mail shop - successfu panoramic ll and proven way to save your mone pelagian y .  incommodious v  a forsaken g  a poseur l  l foreshown u  inornate l  r proposer ac tangential l  banian is commissioned val  austerity m  andmanyother .  * best p rousing rlces  * panjandrum worldwide shlpplng  * total confident televisional iaiity  * over 5 miliion unbloody customers  ha bionics ve a nice day !,1
3331,"Subject: draft agenda for meeting between icf consulting and enron corp  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on  01 / 27 / 2000 12 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" gabriel , steven vaol "" on 01 / 10 / 2000 02 : 25 : 00 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , "" vikas , shree vaol ""  , "" balakrishnan , s . tx 99 ""  cc :  subject : draft agenda for meeting between icf consulting and enron corp  >  krishna :  i ' ve attached a draft agenda for the meeting we ' ve been discussing  ( tentatively for february ) . we ' ll try to contact you thursday of this week  to get your comments . thanks .  - steve gabriel & shree vikas  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  steven a . gabriel , ph . d .  industrial address  project manager  icf consulting  9300 lee highway  fairfax , va 22031 - 1207  tel . ( 703 ) 218 - 2624  fax ( 703 ) 934 - 3968  sgabriel @ icfconsulting . com  www . icfconsulting . com  academic address  professorial lecturer  dept . of engineering management & systems engineering  the george washington university  washington , dc 20052  sgabriel @ seas . gwu . edu  - enron . doc",0
4515,"Subject: additional attachments  vince :  i forgot to attach the final slam report , the file of the white paper ,  the white paper calculations . the final slam report discusses the  availability of service level agreement monitoring , and nms generally that  meet ebs ' s needs .  i am convinced that at a minimum ebs would gain the foundation of a great  nms that will be critical to the success of ebs , and that ebs could actually  gain the distributed machine tool that could be the foundation of the  internet of the 21 st century . i hope we get the chance to prove this .  let me know if i can be of further assistance .  mak  - final s l a m report september 1999 . zip",0
3415,"Subject: ieor monday seminar - october 23 , 2000  ?  ?  industrial engineering and operations research  monday seminar  ieor 298 - 1 - fall 2000  monday , october 23 , 2000  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  "" volatility of electricity prices - measurement and analysis of underlying  causes ""  dr . vincent kaminski  managing director and head of research for enron corp .  ?  abstract :  the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility of  the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created a  number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one immediate  question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices .  although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are  characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in  financial economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may  not fit well electricity prices .  the second challenge is to explain the sources of high price volatility and  to answer the question to what extent it can be attributed to problems that  can be addressed in the long run . such problems include flaws in market  design that allow some market participants to abuse market power , limited  availability and / or unequal access to transmission , temporary shortages of  generation capacity . some factors underlying high volatility of electricity  prices may be of permanent nature and may be a necessary price to pay for  increased market efficiency and expanded customer choice .  time and location : 3 : 30 - 5 : 00 p . m . - 3108 etcheverry  refreshments : 3 : 00 p . m . - 4 th floor hallway",0
4242,Subject: request submitted : access request for leann . walton @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000005168  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 10 / 18 / 00 2 : 06 : 37 pm  requested for : leann . walton @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0
1384,"Subject: re : garp credit derivatives discussion group  philip ,  thanks for keeping me in mind . yes , i would be interested .  vince  "" philip merrill "" on 11 / 30 / 2000 04 : 47 : 20 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : garp credit derivatives discussion group  vince  we are starting a credit derivatives discussion group in new york .  is this something you would be interested in ?  like fas 133 an 800 - call - in number will be provided for houston  participants .  our first meeting will be in a week or so .  regards ,  philip merrill  garp regional director , new york  973 - 258 - 1540",0
760,"Subject: . message report from your contact page . . . . / / ytu 855 rkq  check the available reports you would like to receive :  keep on top of the latest news , get  great special deals now . . .  it is complimentary , it costs nothing , you can quit anytime !  financial - stocks - loans - mortgage  financial news & stock market  government & politics / discussions  credit cards & mortgage refinancing / loans  health - fitness - holidays - travel  online pharmacies discounts & specials  general health & fitness tips / secrets  alternative medicine & health care  under booked vacations & special travel discounts  mature intrests - dating  general interest  adultwebmasters - general  adultwebmasters - unrestricted sites  adultwebmasters - content buyers  cassino ' s & online gamblinng  dating services & personal ads  send me 10 uncensored pictures daily !  this mail is never sent unsolicited , got it by error ? [ click here ] to be removed from our subscribers list !  ndtxcpfjspwwtrkaxnxg",1
3256,"Subject: vince ,  this morning i got a call from richard bryant , director of computational  finance  program at carnegie mellon university ( the program kevin and i went through ) .  he ' s interested in getting enron involved with their program designing and  ( more critically i guess ) campus recruiting effort . i gave him your phone  number  and email . you can expect to hear something from him soon .  best ,  alex",0
183,Subject: what ' s going on  hi u . this is sarah gal . where have you been hiding ? if you want to hang out and talk some more i would sure like too . hey check out these new pictures of me i just got taken . have a good one .  http : / / mmjx . sakarsucks . com / sal 6 /  martina sonant deprecatory boogie northampton .,1
4883,"Subject: re : action learning project and enron tour  hi vince !  i ' ll call you monday to further discuss this ! i ' ll be heading to atlanta for  a forbes conference and meeting at emory , but will call you at my first  opportunity !  thanks for the information about the meeting with bob !  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 04 / 2000  11 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  11 / 02 / 2000 01 : 55 pm  to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : re : action learning project and enron tour  christie ,  let ' s meet to discuss this project . i need more information from you about it .  by the way , i shall meet bob westbrook on wednesday to discuss unrelated  issues .  vince  christie patrick  11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 33 am  to : cmiller @ rice . edu , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron , michael b  rosen / hou / ect @ ect , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu , mark  palmer / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : action learning project and enron tour  hi carrie ,  it was great meeting with you and dean whitaker again last friday , as well as  mr . westbrook .  as we discussed , i have submitted the action learning program materials to  vince kaminski , our managing director of risk analysis and corporate  research . i ' ll be following up with him , and his recommendations for project  proposals next week .  also , i ' ve discussed with our university affairs team setting up the  faculty tours - - we ' re ready when you are ! ! the sooner the better - - i ' d love to  get these in pretty immediately , and in any event , before the reception at  the end of the month . i "" ll have cindy derecskey in my group email you - - she  is prepared to set these tours up .  i look forward to continuing to develop the multiple potential dynamics of  the enron - rice relationship !  thanks !  - - christie .  ps : thanks so much for the crystal rice owl - - my participation as a judge in  the rice invitational case competition was my pleasure indeed !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000  12 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carrie miller on 11 / 01 / 2000 12 : 47 : 17 pm  to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc : grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu  subject : action learning project and enron tour  christie ,  i enjoyed visiting with you last week at the jones school . thanks for  taking time to come see us . i wanted to follow up with you regarding the  action learning project program and enron tour . we hope to have enron as  part of the program in 2001 . please let me know how i can help make this  happen . i look for the program to be full before the deadline of december lst . also , i am happy to help organize a group to tour enron . if you were  to participate in the alp program , january / february might be a good time to  put something together with key faculty and the alp team . let me know your  thoughts .  again , many thanks for your continued support of the jones school . i look  forward to hearing from you soon .  carrie  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  carrie chamberlin miller  director of mba program  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0
1341,Subject: online tv deals 312  internet  exclusive - - tv deals  fantastic prices  click any product  for details  amazing profits by john beck  avacor hair care system  balance bracelet  blast off the pounds by richard simmons  bloussant  cybersonic toothbrush  flat hose - 50 ft  juiceman ii  miracle blade  phase 4 orthotics  roll - a - hose  shark steam blaster  sounds of the 80 s by time life  stick shark  walk away the pounds for abs  plus  thousands of other tv deals  online now  - - - fantastic prices  while  supplies last !  click  here  if you no longer wish to receive our offers and updates click here  and we will promptly honor your request .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list ,1
2338,"Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips  vince ,  from the sound of the articles , it appears ene is ready to exit india , or alternately to get into an arbitration battle .  i have scheduled some time with you at 10 . 30 to discuss .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nikita varma  04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 20 am  to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development )  subject : from the enron india newsdesk - april 23 rd newsclips  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / fed 3 . html  godbole ' s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project  sucheta dalal  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / newsl . html  dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog  scrapping of power purchase agreement  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / corp 8 . asp ? menu = 2  dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay & s ravindran  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html  enron winding up operations in india ?  state for consolidating all dpc arbitration notices , sanjay jog  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010423 / news 3 . html  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 4 . htm  maharashtra to set up experts panel on enron  the article also appeared in the following newspaper  business standard  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 3 . asp ? menu = 32  maharashtra to set up expert panel on enron  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 23 econo 7 . htm  ' enron is a national problem '  april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . cybernoon . com / index . html  cm takes enron to delhi today  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . outlookindia . com / full . asp ? fname = enron + % 28 f % 29 & fodname = 20010430 & sid = 1  the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan  monday , april 23 , 2001 , http : / / www . business - standard . com / today / state 2 . asp ? menu = 32  mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham  the financial express , april 23 , 2001  godbole ' s report unearths absurd calculations , maharashtra could use this to wriggle out of the dabhol project , sucheta dalal  it is finally quit india time for enron . though the controversial multinational has denied plans to sell its stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , informed sources say that it has sent feelers to china light it deliberately uses expensive raw material ( ignoring world bank warnings ) , has worked on fanciful demand - supply estimates and several legal requirements and permissions .  in fact , the committee has found that the mseb has been paying enron rs 930 crore more than it should every year . this comprises overcharging of rs 253 crore on account of the large regassification plant of which only 42 per cent of the capacity is used for dpc . there ' s also a rs 100 crore extra billing to the mseb for shipping and harbour charges although the cost of these facilities had been included in the capital recovery charge . by charging more than twice the operations & maintenance rate stipulated by the government of india , enron collects approximately rs 246 crore extra every year . it has also been collecting rs 332 crore every year through inflated fuel consumption claims . enron has been charging at 1878 kcal / kwh under the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) although the equipment manufacturer has guaranteed it a much lower consumption rate . this gives it a fat fuel arbitrage opportunity at the cost of the people of maharashtra .  the committee has also pointed to the strange practice of using four different exchange rates for different aspects of the project negotiation : a rate of rs 32 per dollar was assumed for calculating debt service of rupee loans , rs 34 . 5 per dollar as reference rate for phase - i , rs 39 . 35 per dollar as reference rate for phase - ii and a curious rs 42 per dollar for calculating government of india tariff . forcing a reduction of these excessive charges has nothing to do with contract cancellation . all it needs is tough negotiation and public pressure on the political establishment .  the godbole committee has established that dpc ' s tariffs can easily be halved if excess payments are eliminated and unfair conditions such as the dollarisation of payments , the take - or - pay clause and escrow facility ( which is in fact hampering mseb ' s reform particularly in power distribution ) are scrapped . the security of future payments to dpc under the restructured tariff would be based on increased cash flows from a reformed distribution system . the committee also gives enron a difficult escape route . it says that if the multinational finds the conditions for restructuring too onerous , it should free mseb from its contractual obligations and find buyers outside maharashtra . the committee has tried to establish another precedent on all projects negotiated by government : "" the public has a right to know what is being contracted on their behalf "" and has recommended that all documents , including contracts related to all independent power projects ( ipps ) , particularly dpc , should be published by the maharashtra government within two months .  also , having established that demand - supply estimates by the state government were fanciful , the committee has asked mseb to defer all negotiations with power producers until demand levels in the state permit full absorption of power generation from such ipps . it recommends that such negotiations should be in accordance with the least - cost plan spelt out by the report . this should also end the hectic lobbying by reliance ( patalganga ) , mittals ( bhadravati ) , the bses ( saphale ) and others to set up ipps in maharashtra .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the financial express , april 23 , 2001  dpc board set to authorise president , enron md to issue notice of termination , sanjay jog  scrapping of power purchase agreement  the board of directors of dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which has already taken an aggressive posture , has proposed to authorise the enron india managing director k wade cline and dpc president and chief executive officer neil mcgregor to issue notices for the termination of power purchase agreement ( ppa ) and transfer of dabhol project in view of continuing default by the state and central governments and maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) .  the board of directors , which would meet on april 25 in london , also plans to appoint mr cline as its "" true and lawful attorney - in - fact "" and authorise him to represent the company in the negotiation of all project contracts and financing agreements and their amendments and modifications . top sources told the financial express that dpc would authorise mr cline and / or mr mcgregor to serve the preliminary termination notices and transfer notices to the state and central governments and mseb under clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa .  "" in response to the continuing default by the mseb of its payment obligations under the ppa , the failure of the government of maharashtra to honour obligations under its guarantee and state support agreement and failure of the government of india to honour obligations under its counter guarantee , the company has sought recourse to dispute resolution and has initiated conciliation and arbitration proceedings , "" the company resolution said . "" consistent with this recourse to contractual remedies , the company now seeks the authority to serve preliminary termination notices and transfer notices pursuant to clause 17 and schedule 11 of the ppa from time to time and at any time upon the occurrence of an event giving rise to its right to serve such notices as determined by the company , "" the resolution added .  according to the resolution , the directors , the company secretary and officers of the company and each of them acting individually , are authorised and empowered to execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such other actions as they deem fit to effect the purpose of the resolution , in the name and for and on behalf of the company . against this backdrop , the state government and mseb have been exploring the possibilities of issuing termination notice to the dpc for its failure to meet the contractual obligations under the ppa . the state government and mseb sources said that such a notice could be served by the mseb as dpc has not paid the rebate ( penalty ) of rs 409 crore for misdeclaration and default on the availability of power on january 28 and february 13 .  the state government and mseb , which reviewed its position on saturday at a meeting convened by the chief minister vilasrao deshmukh , are of the view that they have a strong case and substantial grounds to slap the termination notice to the dpc . the dpc ' s move to appoint mr k wade cline as its "" true and lawful attorney - in - fact "" deserves importance especially when the state government proposes to set up a negotiating committee to cut the per unit cost and gauge the possibility of sale of dabhol power to the power deficit states .  mr cline would also be authorised to dispose of equipment that is worn out or obsolete or other equipment or fuel no longer expected to be used in the ordinary course in amounts exceeding rs 64 crore or the equivalent in foreign currency in any financial year . furthermore , mr cline would be in a position to enter into contracts and take any other actions for purpose relating to the day - to - day operation of the company ' s business or exercise its rights and discharge its obligations under the project contracts and the financing agreements  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001  dpc seeks ok to exit power project , tamal bandyopadhyay otherwise it cannot be a complete exercise , "" he added .  deshmukh and the mseb team are scheduled to meet union finance minister yashwant sinha and power minister suresh prabhu on monday in new delhi to discuss the stalemate and find a acceptable solution for the same . "" i am meeting sinha and prabhu to request them to take an initiative and send representatives for the negotiations committee , "" he said . deshmukh ' s meeting with the centre comes at a crucial stage as dpc ' s lenders would be meeting in london , on the same day , to decide upon the future finances of the controversy marred 2 , 184 - mw project in dabhol .  moreover , the dpc board is also scheduled to meet on april 25 in london to decide the fate of its $ 900 million project in dabhol , including winding up of its operations . the meeting would discuss the topmost item on the agenda , which was to empower dpc managing director neil mcgregor to wind up operations in the country . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment of dues amounting to rs 213 crore plus interest towards the bills due for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 .  asked whether the centre had send any feel over a possible clubbing together of the arbitration and conciliation processes , deshmukh replied in the negative . deshmukh said mseb chairman vinay bansal along with two senior officials would attend dpc ' s board meeting in london . bansal had said on sunday that mseb would present its case concerning the rs 401 - crore penalty that the loss - making board slapped on dpc on february 28 , for not generating required power within the stipulated time as per the ppa . currently , enron india holds 65 per cent in the $ 900 - million dpc project , which includes mseb ' s 15 per cent , while general electric and bechtel hold 10 per cent each . ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , april 23 , 2001  ' enron is a national problem '  union power minister suresh prabhu on sunday said the centre would render all possible help to resolve the enron crisis faced by maharashtra which is "" haunting the entire country "" . prabhu said he would meet the state chief minister vilasrao deshmukh in new delhi tomorrow to discuss stalemate over the payments due to the us energy major - promoted dhabol power company by the maharashtra state electricity board . referring to godbole committee report ' s finding that dpc was keen on offering mseb ' s 15 per cent stake to the national thermal power corporation , prabhu said : "" the centre has not received any such proposal regarding participation of the central power utility . "" ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - afternoon , april 23 , 2001  cm takes enron to delhi today  chief minister vilasrao deshmukh will discuss the enron imbroglio with union finance minister yashwant sinha and union power minister suresh prabhu in delhi today . he will request the centre to appoint a representative to the committee that the state government is setting up to carry on discussions and negotiations regarding the dabhol power project of the us - based enron power company . today , a special meeting of representatives of all those finanicial institutions which have extended loans to the dabhol power project is also being held in london . a meeting of its directors will be held on wednesday to discuss the fate of the $ 900 million project which has been under a cloud ever since its inception .  yesterday , mr . prabhu declared at a ' janata darbar ' in thane that the centre would extend all help to solve the enron crisis . this is in the backdrop of pending bills to the tune of rs . 213 crore which the state fowarded to the centre against payments for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . confirming that there was no proposal from the state government to handover the project to the centre , mr . prabhu said that the situation of the electricity boards in the country was precarious . the centre had decided to assist maharashtra upto rs . 250 crore every year to improve customer services .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - outlook , monday , april 23 , 2001  the real story of dabhol if a judicial probe , suggested by the committee , is ordered into the enron deal , it could embarrass three governments ranjit bhushan  "" the committee has prima facie found infirmities in several decisions taken in respect of the enron project at different points of time by successive governments and agencies in the centre and state . ""  - - energy review committee headed by former home secretary madhav godbole  this could well be the real enron story  a five - member high - powered committee headed by madhav godbole - and including former union economic affairs secretary e . a . s . sarma , hdfc chairman deepak parekh , teri chairman rajendrapachauri and maharashtra government official vinay mohan lal - has recommended a judicial probe into the entire enron power project deal saying it signified "" the utter failure of governance that seems to have characterised almost every step of the decision - making process relating to the dabhol project "" . the report , which was submitted to the maharashtra government last fortnight and has been acquired by outlook , is severely critical of former chief minister sharad pawar ( with the congress then ) , the 13 - day bjp - led union government which reworked the deal in 1996 , shiv sena supremo balasaheb thackeray and his government in maharashtra headed by manohar joshi  "" the utter failure of governance seems to have characterised almost every step of decision - making relating to the dabhol project . "" madhav godbole committee report  an investigation , if ordered , could embarrass at least these three governments the report clearly upholds the allegations of money being paid by enron to politicians and bureaucrats for clinching the deal . according to the committee , the deal reveals failure of governance , both at the centre and state , and across different agencies . "" it strains belief to accept that such widespread and consistent failure to execute responsibilities is purely coincidental , "" the report said , proposing a set of measures to be implemented if something of the project was to be retrieved . godbole and sarma also felt that the panel should categorically recommend the government of india to order a judicial inquiry . this was finally adopted by it . says a congress leader : "" enron could well become the biggest political issue in maharashtra and put to question liberalisation , particularly in the power sector . ""  the proposal has already struck panic . says ncp ' s praful patel : "" if the enron decision has at all been detrimental , it is because of the haste with which phase 2 was cleared by the shiv sena - bjp government . now with the state having already entered into an agreement with enron , the important thing is to resolve it amicably . a judicial inquiry will be an eyewash because it ' s not an issue of corruption but that of perception . ""  pro - market congressmen privately admit that it was their governments at the centre and the state which invited enron , even though the second phase was cleared by the bjp - shiv sena combine . says congress spokesperson jaipal reddy : "" right now we ' re too involved with the parliament deadlock over tehelka . "" pro - liberalisation congress mps also fear that such witch - hunting could send wrong signals to foreign investors . non - congress mps from maharashtra , meanwhile , claim that the godbole committee was instituted with the express purpose of politicising the enron issue . "" i think i know vilasrao deshmukh ' s gameplan , "" says an mp from the state . but some mps like congress ' prithviraj chavan question the cloak of secrecy that ' s surrounded the deal : "" i ' ve maintained for long that there should be a judicial committee to examine this "" .  the committee report also says that had the enron project been subjected to a techno - economic appraisal , as envisaged under provisions of the electricity supply act of 1948 and related legislations , the infirmities could have been avoided . since this wasn ' t done , questions about a concerted effort towards exercising undue influence at every stage of the project are bound to arise , the exhaustive 93 - page report points out .  "" i ' d highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government cleared the project minutes before it quit , "" says congress mp prithviraj chavan .  the enron project had been held out as an exemplar of the impending liberalisation in the early ' 90 s and , despite several controversies , is now an established power project at dabhol , 150 km south of mumbai . in july 1992 , enron signed an mou with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) to set up a 2 , 550 mw station as part of the government ' s ' fast track ' projects .  subsequently , when the shiv - sena - bjp came to power in maharashtra it filed a writ against the project . this curiously led to renegotiations with enron . the committee has quoted a bombay high court order on the renegotiated deal . "" once it ( gom ) decided to revive the project , it acted in the very same manner its predecessors in office had done . it forgot all about competitive bidding and transparency . the speed with which the negotiating group studied the project and made its proposal for renegotiatons , which was accepted by dabhol , is unprecedented . "" says chavan : "" i would particularly like to highlight the speed with which the 13 - day vajpayee government at centre endorsed the renegotiated project minutes before it resigned . ""  since the commissioning of the plant in may 1999 , the mseb has paid rs 1 , 607 crore for the power it has bought from dabhol . if the same watttage of power had been bought from indian - built power plants fired by indigenous coal , the payment would have been approximately rs 736 crore . in the first year - and - a - half of its operation itself , the dpc had drained the maharashtra exchequer of nearly rs 1 , 000 crore .  the central electricity authority ( cea ) , in fact , pointed out that the dabhol plant was not the least costly option . the mseb had other inexpensive alternatives like the four units of kaparkheda , but they were in a preliminary stage . the report notes : "" . . . if the mseb had made efforts to seriously pursue these projects , they might not have remained in their preliminary stages "" . it adds that the members were of the opinion that "" the mseb and the maharashtra government erred seriously , based on information available at that time , in proceeding with the dpc as a base - load factor even when its capacity was reduced . "" the failure seems to have been compounded by the laxity of the union power ministry , finance ministry and the cea . it quotes the cea as saying that since the union finance ministry found the tariff reasonable , no further examination was required  strangely , bal thackeray ' s shiv sena , when it came to power together with the bjp in maharashtra , filed a writ in the court and then renegotiated the deal .  after the new shiv sena - bjp government took over , its cm , manohar joshi , appointed a renegotiating committee in 1996 which made the right noises , actually managing to reduce the tariff . but certain things remained inexplicable . no fresh clearances were required from the cea , which also said that "" since no cost increase was involved . . . fresh formal clearance wasn ' t necessary . "" says the committee : "" this only adds strength to the suspicion that the cea didn ' t consider the economic aspects of the project at all . indeed , given the non - availability of any official record of the meeting on june 24 , 1994 , with the committee and the nature of this letter dated december 23 , 1994 , the committee is doubtful whether the economic aspects of dpc were discussed at all . ' '  the credibility of the shiv sena - bjp government has been seriously questioned . "" the committee finds it unexplicable ( sic ) why there was no mention of any reduction in capital cost of the project from $ 2 , 828 million to $ 2 , 501 million as agreed by dpc in the summary report of the renegotiating committee , "" the panel observes . says lawyer prashant bhushan : "" it is strange that the shiv sena - bjp government first filed a writ in the court and then coolly renegotiated the deal . "" the committee further spells out the losses incurred through the deal . "" subsequent to the commissioning of the dpc , the financial deterioration of mseb has been rapid . while the mseb was in profit in 1998 - 99 , it plunged into huge losses of rs 1681 crore in 1999 - 2000 . ""  significantly , the world bank in 1993 had predicted the system ' s inherent weaknesses . in a letter written to the then power secretary , r . vasudevan , a top bank official had said that "" after a detailed review of the analytical framework and costing assumptions , we reconfirm our earlier conclusion that the dabhol project , as presently formulated , is not economically justified "" and that in "" our assessment the project is too large to enter the mseb system in 1998 . the proposed base - load operation could result in uneconomic plant dispatch , as already existing lower variable cost coal power would be replaced by the higher cost lng power . ""  enron ' s persistence and the ' gullibility ' of the indian side can be gauged from high - ranking enron official joe sutton ' s letter to a key indian official , ajit nimbalkar : "" i recently met with the world bank and have been following the articles in the india papers . i feel that the world bank opinion can be changed . we ' ll engage a pr firm and hopefully manage the media from here on . the project has solid support from all other agencies in washington . ""  the key question in the enron deal is whether a developed state like maharashtra needs outside intervention in the power sector at all ? for the first time the godbole committee has raised objections about the viability of such a project . according to the report , the mseb has been one of the better performing boards in the country and has , despite a faulty transmission and distribution ( t and d ) system , managed to consistently earn net revenue surpluses on an accrual basis .  maharashtra accounts for nearly one - fourth of the gross value of india ' s industrial sector . it ' s one of the few states to achieve 100 per cent electrification . since ' 95 , the mseb has been adding to its generation . "" this improvement , which has been largely due to renovation and modernisation undertaken by the mseb , exceeded its own expectations at a time when the dpc was being considered , "" the report points out . following a policy of cross - subsidy , roughly nine out of its ten users are subsidised .  but the gap between the average cost of supply and average realisation hasn ' t been much . in fact , the subsidy claim decreased from rs 630 crore in 1995 - 96 to rs 355 crore in 1998 - 99 , until in 1999 - 2000 it increased nearly five - fold to rs 2 , 084 crore due to the sudden increase in the gap by 26 paise per unit - from 15 to 41 paise - an increase of 173 per cent . "" the increase in the subsidy claim by rs 1 , 729 crore is due to the increase in the gap principally because of the increase in power purchase costs , "" says the committee , adding : "" without the dpc and without problems of t and d loss , the mseb could be financially healthy . ""  but can that happen now since enron is here to stay ? the committee has come up with some far - reaching recommendations : make public all dabhol - related documents and agreements , restructure the dabhol project itself to bring down the cost of power , restructure dpc financially , allow sale of dpc power outside maharashtra , re - examine ppas in accordance with least - cost plans , and thoroughly reform the mseb . the committee know this can become reality only with political consensus and through forming of public opinion . the question is , can that be achieved in an unstable political environment ?  with priya sahgal  making of a scam  ? 1992 : centre invites enron to set up ' fast track ' power project  ? dec 1993 : first ppa signed with mseb  ? 1994 : enron starts construction  ? 1995 : sena - bjp govt scraps enron  ? 1996 : state govt renegotiates project  ? 1996 : 13 - day vajpayee govt approves counter - guarantee  ? may 1996 : state cabinet clears ppa  ? may 13 , 1999 : phase i commissioned  ? jul 1999 : financial closure for phase ii  ? oct 2000 : mseb defaults on payment , subsequently stops paying monthly bills  ? feb 6 , 2001 : enron invokes central government ' s counter - guarantee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , april 23 , 2001  mseb revenue collections up at rs 968 crore in march , renni abraham  the maharashtra state electricity board ' s ( mseb ) revenue collections in march 2001 stood at a record rs 968 crore . this was largely due to the disconnection drive on defaulter connections - - pegged at nearly 20 , 000 disconnections a month - - which resulted in compliance by consumers . with the dabhol power company ( dpc ) monthly financial burden issue now a topic of discussion among arbitrators on the negotiating table , the mseb has turned to putting its house in order .  as if to ward of any criticism of its fiscal condition that could be termed as the facilitator to the entire dpc tariff crisis , the state electricity board has put matters relating to its performance on record . for instance , mseb has recorded the highest power generation in the year ended march 31 , 2001 , at 45930 units , compared with the previous year ' s 45582 units , making it the top seb of the country in this respect . similarly its power stations recorded the highest availability percentage at 86 . 1 up from 84 . 6 per cent last fiscal . plant load factor is up to 72 . 78 per cent , compared with 71 . 7 per cent in 2000 .  the parli power station has recorded the highest ever generation in the ten years of its life time in 2000 at 4545 million units , which made it eligible for the meritorious productivity award under the eligibility guidelines issued by the government of india carrying a cash award of rs 12 . 5 lakh . all other power stations in the state , without exception , also fulfill the eligibility criteria for the cash award , a senior mseb official said . similarly , the chandrapur power station became the first power station of any state electricity board to get the iso 9002 certification .  a senior mseb official said : "" earlier mseb was suffering from too much interference in its day to day functioning . the agriculturists were touted as the major reason for its deteriorating accruals , while theft of electricity during the transmission and distribution stage was conveniently camouflaged under this head . in the recent past , the government has authorised mseb to take steps to curb this misuse of power by its own officials , many of whom , including a chief engineer have suffered suspensions",0
1925,"Subject: re : lsu visit ( resume )  datren ,  i am forwarding your resume to our analyst / associate program .  i talked to them about my needs for the summer and i don ' t see any problem .  they should contact you shortly .  vince kaminski  datren williams on 02 / 05 / 2000 03 : 46 : 43 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : lsu visit ( resume )  mr . kaminski ,  it was a pleasure and honor to have lunch with you . i also enjoyed your  presentation in our graduate class . i hope you enjoyed your visit to  baton rouge . come back to visit us sometime ! !  attached is my resume as you suggested . thank you for your interest in  lsu and me .  sincerely ,  datren l . williams  - resume . doc",0
4009,"Subject: re : ebs var transaction policy  i have two things biting me .  first is time . i need to turn a draft for hannon and rice asap . so , the  value of a deliberative approach to coming up with a v @ r policy will quickly  evaporate if we take 2 weeks to study what the policy should say .  second , i have a unique situation . our concept of v @ r is really unlike the  rest of enron ' s today . what happens today is that network engineers  unilaterally make decisions about deployment , configuration and other matters  which effect the longs and shorts of our asset / contract portfolio that they  view strictly from a network operating standpoint .  a good example was a decision to move our primary terapop ( three large  servers storing 165 gigabytes each ) from portland to la . the servers are  already in place and purchased , so no capital was involved . but the  decision has huge ramifications on the future la / new york and other bandwidth  usage , and that cost money . now it could be that the la / new york cost is  cheaper than the portland / new york cost , the whole point is no one knows .  what our "" value - at - risk "" policy attempt to corral is these types of decisions  and put them into the hands of the risk management group , where the decision  will be made with at least some economic work behind it .  i really see the ebs v @ r policy to be misnamed , since we don ' t really have  the math done to calc v @ r . it really is a volumetric - based control policy  that says you can ' t make network changes over xx amount of megabytes ( a  storage measure ) or oc - 3 equivalents ( a bandwidth measure ) without risk  management making or approving the decision . i do believe that with  research ' s help , we can in time actually calculate the v @ r impact of such  decisions . at that time , the policy should be modified to set metrics based  on the v @ r calculations .  so if you have an open enough mind to let us co - op your word for a minute ,  we need to start turning the minds of the network industry people into  thinking about their decisions as having value effects . said directly ,  kevin hannon has given me authority to write a policy to move control over  significant network changes from the field to the trading floor , and i am  going to issue something now to effectuate that . . . . . .  so . . . i really want your views on what we are doing , but thought you needed  some flavor and an sense of the urgency . if you can weigh in , do so  quickly . . . . .  barry pearce  06 / 30 / 00 04 : 47 am  to : john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron  communications @ enron communications  cc :  subject : re : ebs var transaction policy  positive . . . .  - - - - - forwarded by barry pearce / enron communications on 06 / 30 / 00 04 : 49 am  - - - - -  ted murphy @ ect  06 / 29 / 00 11 : 33 am  to : barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc :  subject : re : ebs var transaction policy  barry ,  conceptually , i see no reason that a process like this can not be  implemented . in some way we have attempted to do so through the enron corp  transaction approval process ( tap ) . i have forwarded to john a copy of this ,  along with the risk management policy . i ' ll let him share with you if ok ( i  really don ' t want to act as the firm ' s in - house kinko ' s ! ! ) . we have taken  the first step and done poorly on follow - up steps to create a very easy to  follow process for anything other than direct funded capital . however , some  process around a greater number of assets / deals is better than none . i  agree that i have not seen a really good fully baked one implemented , but i  think it is wrong not to try .  the only concerns i have is that , given that we want to have "" standard ""  metrics and approval processes around the firm , ebs creates a process / metric  which is complementary to and integrates with processes / metrics that the  other business units are subjected to .  ted  barry pearce @ enron communications  06 / 29 / 2000 09 : 09 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , ted  murphy / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications , john echols / enron  communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron  communications  subject : ebs var transaction policy  hey you guys ,  we are trying to implement a ' var transaction ' policy - and would like your  opinion .  this is going to be tough - because i ' m not sure we have implemented a  similiar policy across any of our other ' books ' - that is - we looking to  bring in all the accrual / operational assets as well as the mtm stuff  ( lambdas ) . to have a real - live ' configuration ' of the system .  if assets / routes / servers etc . . . are added - what is the impact on the ' value '  of the system and what it ' s worth .  john has attached a draft below - for your review and thoughts .  i can see how this works in a trading environment - when you actually know  the var of your whole trading portfolio . however - i ' ve not seen this done  with a mixture of mtm & accrual assets . add the spice of a ' operational  system ' valuation - and this will be tough to quantify and model .  step 1 - configure system and value it  step 2 - calculate a var on this . we will need to do some work here !  step 3 - calculate the incremental var of new deals / amendements / reconfigs etc  - tough . . . .  see what you think ?  b .  john echols  06 / 28 / 00 05 : 41 pm  to : jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , barry pearce / enron  communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc :  subject : policies  here is a first rough draft of a "" value @ risk "" transaction policy .  i would like you to start looking at where we are going on the policy and get  some early thinking going on limits for the v @ r . for example , should we  effectively shut down all server relocations without approval , or allow some  level of mb of storage to be moved around or reconfigured ?  i need some commercial and industry realism for this . we may need rick  paiste or your industry helpers ( marquardt , etc . to help us ) .  barry , lou , i need your input .",0
5207,"Subject: re : installation of new programs  i gave you local admin rights on your laptop yesterday . what you have to do is to log into the laptop using the local  machine account . the id and the password is the same as your corp login now . the password on the local account will  never change . if you have a minute today i will show you how . let me know a time .  phillip randle  desktop support specialist x 39665  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 17 pm  to : randle , phillip c .  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : installation of new programs  phillip ,  how can i install new programs on my laptop , without  the administrator ' s privileges ?  one example : when i travel i use aol to get access to my mail  and to communicate with the office . windows 2000 does not allow  me to install it .  also , i have my private statistical software  i often use when i work at night during business trips .  i would like to load it as well .  vince",0
2553,"Subject: cera conference call - tuesday , january 25 , 2000  kari :  please enroll vince kaminski , enron corp . for the conference call to be  held on tuesday , january 25 at 4 : 00 pm eastern time .  information requested :  name : vince kaminski  company : enron corp .  telephone # : 713 - 853 - 3848  he will call in 10 - 15 minutes prior to the conference call .  please confirm his registration .  thanks and have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290",0
742,"Subject: failure notice  hi . this is the qmail - send program at localhost . localdomain .  i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .  this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .  :  this address no longer accepts mail .  - - - below this line is a copy of the message .  return - path :  received : ( qmail 12390 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 13 : 52 : 53 - 0000  received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 7371 @ 60 . 16 . 126 . 29 )  by . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 13 : 52 : 53 - 0000  received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66  ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;  by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191228 ;  tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  message - id :  date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000  subject : just to her . . .  from : "" barry castillo ""  to : distland @ all . com  user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1  content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit  x - priority : 3 ( normal )  importance : normal  soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose  ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?  time to do it right now !  order soft viagra at incredibly low prices  startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable !",1
1648,"Subject: re : thanks from enpower  you are welcome . it is my pleasure to work with the talented enpower team .  zimin  zhiyun yang @ enron  01 / 04 / 2001 05 : 29 pm  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : thanks  hi zimin :  thanks a lot for the explanation of the spread option , it ' s not a cheap  help .  - zhiyun",0
3830,"Subject: exotica ( yet again )  hi guys  i need some advice .  sharad is in the process of finding differences between your and our versions  of exotica . at some point we will need to migrate london office over to your  more up - to - date version , and i ' m concerned that there may be rac - style  implications . i ' m in favour of using the it testers to carry out formal  regression testing , and they are apparently able to do this .  do we need to get our heads together to "" form a view "" before we involve rac  or the business groups ?  anjam tells sharad that london exotica was built using excel 95 , and that  neither he nor zimin knows how to build / compile the xla using later versions  of excel . is this true ? if so , then we need to migrate to xlls sooner  rather than later because of the maintenance implications .  steve",0
5216,"Subject: re : term project :  brian ,  no problem .  vince  "" brian corbett nelson "" on 04 / 26 / 2001 08 : 15 : 14 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : term project :  vince , i finally joined a team that only had two members . it looks like our  paper will only be about 13 to 15 pages . we were wondering that since our  team is less than half the size of some of the other teams , if you could  possible relax the length requirement ?  thanks ,  brian nelson  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 54 pm  to : nelsonb @ rice . edu  subject : re : term project :  brian ,  the last class + plus a few days ( depending on when i have  to submit the grades ) .  vince  "" brian corbett nelson "" on 04 / 11 / 2001  03 : 35 : 14 pm  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : re : term project :  mr . kaminski ,  i had an interview last thusday in dallas and could not attend class . did  you set a project deadline ?  thanks ,  brian nelson  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 22 pm  to : isranir @ rice . edu ; demianen @ rice . edu ; tbal 93 @ yahoo . com ;  maue @ rice . edu ; loughrid @ rice . edu ; jblantonjr @ yahoo . com ;  gjohnson @ rice . edu ; emchombo @ rice . edu ; nazareth @ rice . edu ;  vanstone @ rice . edu ; ganguzza @ rice . edu ; nelsonb @ rice . edu ;  sssmith @ rice . edu ; wheelock @ rice . edu ; westmore @ rice . edu ;  gaudette @ rice . edu ; otaylor @ rice . edu ; dikeman @ rice . edu ; jettke @ rice . edu ;  litton @ rice . edu ; chilkina @ rice . edu ; helms @ rice . edu ; wankhade @ rice . edu ;  monfan @ rice . edu ; kostya @ rice . edu ; pcp @ rice . edu ; yueguo @ rice . edu ;  nlwbio @ rice . edu ; zhangn @ rice . edu ; rishad @ rice . edu ; yoshiura @ rice . edu ;  howard @ rice . edu ; dayangd @ rice . edu ; wuwei @ rice . edu ; so @ rice . edu ;  wooddy @ rice . edu ; lamas @ rice . edu ; tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com ;  hingoran @ rice . edu ; planck @ rice . edu  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ;  jason . sokolov @ enron . com  subject : term project :  this is the list of projects for the members of the "" quant "" team .  if you are working on different project , please , ignore this message .  please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions / examples for the following :  1 . black - scholes formula  2 . black ' s formula  3 . develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using :  a . gbm  b . gbm + jump ( formula 2 . 16 in the book , figure 2 . 7 )  c . mean reversion + jump ( formula 2 . 17 , figure 2 . 8 )  4 . schwartz single factor model ( formula 6 . 12 )  5 . develop models corresponding to the figures 7 . 1 , 7 . 3 , 7 . 5 , 7 . 6 , 7 . 8  vince",0
4417,"Subject: [ no subject ]  thanks vince - i didn ' t know - i was worried for a while ; thanks for reducing  me stress ! i ' ll let alec and vuthy know @ this .  thank you very much - we ' ll get him ( howard ) in !  jeff  i live in dana point , ca . ( known for it ' s harbor ) here are a few pictures for  you on your coffee break : http : / / www . danapointharbor . com / tour / ptwend . htm  bye  jeff ,  we have video facilities both in houston and london .  we shall invite howard to visit our office in london again .  vince  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *",0
1428,"Subject: re : a personal favor  anurag ,  i shall talk about vikas to our it people .  can you send me his resume ?  vince  "" saksena , anurag "" on 05 / 07 / 2001 10 : 06 : 54 am  to : "" ' vkamins @ ect . enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : a personal favor  vince ,  i have left a voice mail to you and will wait to talk to you personally . my brother vikas , who is now in london , is trying to make a switch from consulting world to working for a specific firm . over last few months , i have heard of great deal about the success of enron on line business which fits well in the area of his expertise . i am wondering if you know of some one in london who he can speak to regarding career opportunities .  since i spoke to you last , a number of things have changed . recently , my manadate was broaden to include leading a charge for developing a risk management function for both the domestic and international businesses for gmac . needless to say , this is exciting albeit making the life a little more hectic than usual .  talk to you later .  anurag  952 - 857 - 6133",0
2443,"Subject: your trip  hi vince ,  the following has been organised for you :  sunday  6 . 45 pm dinner at diverso restaurant 85 piccadilly 0207 491 2222 with ben ,  steve , anjam  monday  clear until noon  12 pm lunch with dale surbey at olivetto or olivo  2 . 30 pm interviews start  6 . 30 pm  or 7 pm approximate time for end of interviews  tuesday  clear until 10 am  10 am to 12 pm energydesk . com meeting with mikael nordstrum  afternoon clear  wednesday  9 am to 10 . 30 am riskcare meeting in nel 002 with michael curran , anjam and dale  11 . 30 am to 12 pm meeting with john sherriff  regards ,  anjam  x 35383",0
3202,"Subject: renshi zhang ' s resume  fyi .  please cancel the interview schedule for renshi zhang . hr just notified me  that he has accepted another position . it was scheduled for tomorrow .  i have removed it from the calendars that i have access to .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001  10 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  04 / 19 / 2001 04 : 08 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , molly magee / enron @ enronxgate  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : renshi zhang ' s resume  shirley and molly ,  vince is interested to set up an interview for renshi zhang . any day except  thursday next week  is good .  interviewers : vince , stinson , vasant , tanya , alex , bob , krishna and myself .  contact number for mr . zhang is 713 - 544 - 5989 .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 52 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 49 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 46 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : resume  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001  10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am  to : vince kaminski  cc :  subject : resume  vince ,  how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in  your group .  regards ,  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596  fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312  mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  http : / / www . robertwalters . com  >  caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  be intercepted by a third party .  this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  the system manager .  this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  - zhan _ ren . doc",0
5646,"Subject: hc collar valuation - update  andrea ,  we computed the hc historical volatility for last 3 years , it is 47 . 2 % .  using this volatility , the costless collar call strike is at 83 . 32 .  zimin",0
1857,"Subject: site license for power world  gentleman ,  kevin presto concurred on the purchase of a site license as recommended by  vince . what are the thoughts of others ? i am available to demo the package  if others would like to see it .  thanks ,  lance  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 16 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , tim  belden / hou / ect @ ect , tim . heizenrader @ enron . com , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect ,  george hopley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron  subject : site license for power world  gentlemen ,  i recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3  power trading desks .  i think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $ 15 , 000 ) .  lance cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it  very useful for modeling transmission problems .  please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this  recommendation .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000  09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lance cunningham @ enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 15 : 14 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  subject : site license for power world  vince ,  we have three options to increase our availability across enron for the power  world load flow software .  option 1 , upgrade to a site license for the load flow software only . price  $ 9 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , but not  determine marginal cost or available transfer capacity ( atc ) because only the  optimal power flow ( opf ) version can perform that task .  option 2 , site license for the load flow and purchase 1 opf package for  walter coffer ' s group . price $ 11 , 240 .  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows and one other  group the ability to determine marginal cost and atc .  option 3 , site license for load flows , opf and atc . price $ 14 , 990 . 00  this would give all of enron the ability to perform load flows , marginal  cost , and atc .  regards ,  lance",0
1406,"Subject: class proposal by yannis  hi vince ,  yannis of the weather desk is planning to develop relationship with prof  rene carmona in doing weather analysis . to start this off , they are planning  to pay prof carmona to give a training class as outlined below , and they  want to know if research is willing to send people and bear part of the costs .  we can talk more at 4 : 00 pm , but while there is no doubt that getting people  from outside to present new ideas is always important and interesting , i  think research group members can easily give most of these talks .  apparently , people are interested in these topics and are willing to pay to  listen . my thought is that if the intent is to develop relationships , that  is fine , but the research group should also be given the opportunity to  provide more training and get more visibility . i have already communicated  this to joe and to yannis .  vasant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001  10 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : yannis tzamouranis / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 01 am  to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  here is a tentative course description .  day 1 : extreme value distriutions and copulas  1 . heavy tail distributions : exploratory data analysis and detection .  extreme value distributions and generalized pareto distributions .  estimation and simulation . practical examples .  2 . notions of dependence and copulas . estimation and simulation .  experiments with the program evanece .  day 2 : principal component analysis and modern regression  1 . principal component analysis and applications to the yield curve and  the detection of contagion in financial markets .  2 . nonlinear regression and the construction of yield curves .  3 . nonparametric regression ( kernel and projection pursuit methods ) and  alternatives to the black - scholes formula to option pricing .  day 3 : time series analysis  examples of temperature time series will be used to introduce and  illustrate the following concepts and techniques :  1 . removing trends and seasonal components , and stationarity .  2 . fitting the classical autoregressive and moving average models .  3 . discretization of stochastic differential equations  4 . multivariate time series  day 4 : nonlinear systems and filtering  1 . arch , garch and stochastic volatility models  2 . linear state space models and the classical kalman filter  3 . nonlinear systems and particle filtering .  4 . applications",0
1670,"Subject: re : summer intern  hi steve ,  thanks for the fyi ; i ' d be happy to interview him if you need a second  opinion at the telephone interview you ' re arranging next week .  regards ,  anjam  steven leppard  29 / 03 / 2000 17 : 19  to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : here it goes !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000  05 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  03 / 29 / 2000 03 : 45 pm  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : here it goes !  steve ,  taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates  at low cost and low risk . i would take this person in ,  assuming you can still run it by the analyst / associate program . they closed  the books  for the summer .  let me know if you run into any roadblock . i shall try help you from here .  vince  steven leppard  03 / 29 / 2000 08 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here it goes !  vince  do you have any views on taking summer interns here in the research group in  london ? one of our analysts has recommended a friend of hers ( resume  attached ) . i ' m sure we could dream up some work for an intern , so let me  know what you think .  many thanks ,  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000  03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zuzana strmenova  02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 51 am  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : here it goes !  thanks , a lot steve .",0
507,"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1
2749,"Subject: wharton risk center advisory committee meeting - june 14 , 2001  to : advisory committee members  from : paul r . kleindorfer  howard kunreuther  date : march 12 , 2001  subject : our next advisory committee meeting  just to let you know that our next advisory committee meeting will be on  thursday , june 14 , 2001 . we will be sending the agenda and more details in  late march or early april . the principal theme of this meeting of the  advisory committee will be "" markets and regulation for efficient risk  management "" .  we would appreciate your letting theresa convery know your attendance by  returning a completed response form ( copy attached ) via fax or email as soon  as possible .  fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130  phone : ( 215 ) 898 - 5688  email : tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu  >  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  theresa convery  administrative assistant  risk and decision processes center  the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania  ( 215 ) 898 - 5688 / fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130  tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu  - response form . doc",0
2417,"Subject: re : ca for henwood engagement  stinson ,  attached please find a draft consulting agreement for use with henwood .  you will want to review it before you send it to henwood . please see section  6 in particular . also , i put in that arbitration will be in houston and  texas law will apply . we could move that to new york , with new york law if  that is better for henwood . if pressed , we could make it singapore or u . k .  law , with arb in singapore . but any other law , including australian law ,  would mean we would need to get this contract reviewed by foreign counsel - - so  i strongly urge you to argue for texas or ny law ( no other state , please ) .  i tried to make this agreement reflect the terms in henwood ' s proposal , and  believe i succeeded . our form has some additional terms not contained in  their proposal , as well as fcpa boilerplate ( ie . , the "" business conduct "" and  "" drug policy "" language ) . also , i just want to point out that this agreement  allows them to subcontract the work - - but only with our written agreement .  under their proposal , the subcontractor costs will be charged to us at cost  plus 15 % - - so you might not want to do it .  please let me know if you have any comments or questions .  bonnie",0
3258,"Subject: help on cluster analysis  just wanted to pass a quick note to say thanks for all of your help that the  three of you each gave me concerning cluster analysis . your help was  invaluable . as you may have been aware , we were performing the cluster  analysis to define the commercial zones in ercot . i only had a few days in  which to learn the fastclus procedure in sas and prepare graphical views of  the results .  your assistance ensured that enron was seen as one of three market leaders  who had the capability to perform the analysis and cross check other market  participants analysis . we were the only participant who had the ability to  graphically display the results .  i was able to take the lead in a commercial meeting because of the data and  results . i just wanted you guys to know that i really appreciated your help .  i have attached a couple of files that show some of the results . the  presentation has the best overview .  best regards ,  lance",0
1166,"Subject: don ' t lose your data ! prevent future computer problems at a fraction  of the cost of repairs  web and order form : pro - techonline . com  e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com  fax 206 - 937 - 4315  call today at 1 - 800 - 726 - 5997  understand the  operating environments your systems are in , computers by their  very nature , pull air in to keep their parts cool . their fans work 24 / 7  keeping cool . the problem with this is over a period of time dust , dirt and  smoke , will build up and damage your computer .  q damage your computer chips  q destroy the data on your hard drive  q melt the mother board  what  does this mean to you ? all of your information could be lost forever ! all of  your files and data - works in progress - and contacts could be destroyed !  the information you have saved is a thousands times more valuable  than the computer itself . thats why  technicians recommend backups for your data .  its all p r e v e n t a  b l e !  the pro - tech computer filtration system simply works by filtering  the air before air reaches your computers sensitive internal components . the  system is set up at the base of your computer , with 2 easy steps , and is  positioned in front of your computers air intake , filtering 98 % of the air particles  that would otherwise get into your systems .  for a little as $ 24 . 95 plus  shipping ,  you can make sure you are  completely protected and never worry about dust , smoke , moisture , etc . damaging your computer again !  web and order form : pro - techonline . com  e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com  fax 206 - 937 - 4315  product availability :  please allow up to 10 days for delivery . pro - tech will do everything we can to ship  your order as soon as possible and notify you of the estimated time of  delivery .  for great rates on quantity , and  wholesale pricing :  order 5 or more and receive a 10 %  discount !  wholesale orders save up to  20 % or more !  pro - tech uses  ups ground for shipping and handling $ 5 . 85  pro - tech prides  it self on protecting consumers financial privacy and safety .  no more cans of  air , no more bags , no more computer vacs .  perfect for home , office , and industry  model # 1 $ 24 . 95 model # 2 $ 29 . 95 model  # 3 $ 36 . 95  our systems are  fully adjustable and will fit any computer , one size fits all .  installs in seconds !  step # 1 : place  the base of the filtration system onto your computer .  step # 2 : place  the top of the filtration system onto the base .  youre all set ; and you can access your disk drives as needed .  replacement filters  1 size filter  fits all three systems  a package of 4 large heavy duty hepa filters , micron rated and designed , to last up to 6 months , $ 9 . 85 perfect for industry .  alternative  replacement filters  a large heavy duty diffusion dual stage filtering  material . designed to last up to 6  months . package of 4 $ 7 . 85 perfect for home and  office .  call today at 1 - 800 - 726 - 5997  web and order form : pro - techonline . com  e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com  fax 206 - 937 - 4315  pro - tech filtration systems 3701 sw southern seattle , wa 98216 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1
1003,"Subject: are you ready to get it ?  hello !  viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  miiiions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money  order here . . . ",1
427,"Subject: re : education opportunity we spoke about gf  .  u n i v e r s i t y . d i p l o m a s .  do  you want for a prosperous future , increased money earning power ,  and the respect of all ?  we  can assist with diplomas from prestigious non - accredited universities  based on your present knowledge and life experience .  no required tests , classes , books , or  interviews .  bachelors ,  masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diplomas available in the field  of your choice - that ' s right , you can become a doctor , lawyer or accountant and receive  all the benefits and admiration that comes with it !  no  one is turned down !  confidentiality  assured - change your life today !  either click here or  you can call us 24 hours a day , 7 days a week ! ( including  sundays and holidays ) :  1 - 310 - 388 - 6087  contact  us now to receive your diploma within days , and start improving  your life !  did you receive an email advertisement in error ? our goal is to only target individuals who would like to take advantage of our offers . if you ' d like to be removed from our mailing list , please click on the link below . you will be removed immediately and automatically from all of our future mailings .  we protect all email addresses from other third parties . thank you .  please remove me . ",1
1895,"Subject: re : jeff skilling ' s presentation  i want to thank all of you for all your help !  alhamd alkhayat  enron corp .  + 1 ( 713 ) 853 - 0315  this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information  intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . if  you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message and are  hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this  message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited .  - - - - - forwarded by alhamd alkhayat / na / enron on 12 / 14 / 2000 02 : 15 pm - - - - -  sent by : "" daron peschel ""  12 / 14 / 2000 01 : 57 pm  please respond to "" daron peschel ""  to : sherri . sera @ enron . com  cc : alhamd . alkhayat @ enron . com  subject : re : jeff skilling ' s presentation  sherri and alhamd ,  just wanted to let you know that i heard jeff skilling really  impressed chairman greenspan this morning ( i did not attend the  meeting . )  thanks for all you help making sure the presentation went off without  a hitch .  daron  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ reply separator  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  subject : jeff skilling ' s presentation  author : sherri . sera @ enron . com at notesmail  date : 12 / 12 / 00 10 : 01 am  daron ,  we are not yet finished with jeff ' s presentation , and probably won ' t be  completely finished until tomorrow afternoon - just about the time that  jeff will leave for dallas . in addition , e - mailing the complete  presentation may not be an option due to the size of the file .  i ' ve asked hamd to e - mail you want we have right now so that you can test  it with your system . we ' ll then send a cd with the entire presentation  along with jeff to dallas . i ' ll ask jeff to deliver it to you at the  dinner wednesday evening , so perhaps your av people can test it that night .  daron , i apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . if you have  another idea as to how to handle this situation , we ' re certainly willing to  entertain it .  thanks , srs",0
5181,"Subject: re : good morning  john ,  it does not sound silly to me . i don ' t get that many opportunities to sit  down  with those guys in a relaxed atmosphere and chat .  i shall read the notes and get back to you . i have just come back from  philadelphia and have to catch up with a few things .  vince  "" john d . martin "" on 12 / 06 / 2000 09 : 39 : 50 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : good morning  vince ,  i know that you are in philadelphia today but wanted to ship you my "" first  pass notes "" before i leave town in the morning . please edit / add to or  delete anything you think is appropriate . my objective in the notes is  just to get things down on paper before too much time has passed . when i  place something in quotes this indicates a direct quote .  i ' ll give you a call next week when i get back to town . thanks again for a  truly memorable experience . i plan to frame jeff ' s enron model . it may  sound silly to you guys but we academics really appreciate opportunities  like the one i got on monday . what a truly spectacular day .  take care ,  john  p . s . andy gave me his note care describing the demand for a peaking plant  but i wasn ' t able to get him to sign it . i hope i did not offend him by  asking for his signature on that silly graph . after i left his office it  occured to me that he might think i was making light of him . please  explain to him that i was not and will treasure his simple model as  capturing the essence of optionality in a real asset .  - . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0
120,"Subject: need a graphic artist ? come here .  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq  tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _",1
1115,"Subject: you may want to look into funding from grants . . . .  government grants e - book 2002 edition  you can receive the money you need . . .  every day millions of dollars are given away to people , just like you ! !  your government spends billions of tax dollars on government grants .  do you know that private foundations , trust and corporations are  required to give away a portion of theirs assets . it doesn ' t matter ,  where you live ( usa only ) , your employment status , or if you are broke , retired  or living on a fixed income . there may be a grant for you !  anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up !  we will show you how & where to get grants . this book is newly updated with the most current information ! ! !  grants from $ 500 . 00 to $ 50 , 000 . 00 are possible !  grants don ' t have to be paid back , ever !  grants can be ideal for people who are or were bankrupt or just have bad credit .  please visit our website  and place your order today ! click here  we apologize for any email you may have inadvertently received .  please click here to be removed from future mailings .  [ jk 9 ^ "" : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]",1
4320,Subject: password  login kkindal  password marketcredit !,0
4470,"Subject: re : real options  vince ,  if you take a cab , ask them to take you to the college of business  building at the corner of 21 st and speedway . the main entrance to the  business school is on speedway , across from the old gymnasium . come in the  main entrance , which has a large , glass structure , and you will be on the  second floor . go to your left and ride up the first set of escalators to  the third floor . when you step off of the escalators , you ' ll be facing  north and continue in that direction through two sets of glass doors into  the northern side of the building . this is where most faculty offices are  found . my office is 3 . 218 , which is in the northwest corner of the  building .  if you have any problems , you should be able to ask directions from  most anyone in the halls . i will look for you around 11 : 00 on thursday , and  will be happy to provide any other transportation that you need . please let  me know if you have any other questions .  jim  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , may 02 , 2000 9 : 23 am  to : jim . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com ;  shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : real options  jim ,  i can take a cab or get a rental car from the airport ( thanks for your  kind offer ) .  i shall appreciate , however , if you could drop me off at the hotel before  dinner .  the time allocation for my speech is about right . i think i shall need  about 90  minutes .  please let me know where we can meet on thursday . i shall be at an  off - site  on wednesday but you can reach me on my cell phone ( 713 410 5396 )  and by sending a cc message to my aol address : vkaminski @ aol . com .  i look forward to meeting you .  vince  jim dyer on 05 / 01 / 2000 01 : 42 : 44 pm  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc : sheridan titman  subject : re : real options  vince ,  i could pick you up at the airport , or you could rent a car and come  to campus . i have made tentative plans for us to go to lunch with some  other faculty between 11 : 30 and 12 : 00 , and then you would have some time to  visit with sheridan and perhaps with some other faculty members as well  between lunch and my class .  sheridan and a guest speaker from his class , suresh sundaresan from  columbia , will be joining us for dinner . i could provide transportation to  your hotel , and pick you up for dinner as well if you consider that to be  the most convenient alternative .  i will have a pc available in the classroom , with office 2000 and  windows nt . you could use powerpoint with no difficulty from that machine ,  if that ' s most convenient . you could simply email the presentation , and i  would have it for you if you prefer .  how much time would you like ? i would like to reserve about 30  minutes at the end for a general discussion of issues related to real  options , and about 30 minutes at the beginning of class for some remarks  regarding the final assignment and a class evaluation by the students  ( which  is required for all classes ) . at some point , we should take a brief break ,  so that would leave approximately 1 . 5 to 2 hours for your presentation if  you would like that flexibility . otherwise , i could take up the "" slack "" .  i look forward to seeing you on thursday .  jim  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , april 28 , 2000 11 : 21 am  to : jim . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : re : real options  jim ,  i am scheduled to arrive in austin on may 4 at 10 : 32 a . m .  i shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch .  i am flying back to houston friday morning and we can meet for dinner  after  the class .  i shall have a power point presentation on my pc . i can also  prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you .  vince  jim dyer on 04 / 27 / 2000 05 : 44 : 51 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc : sheridan titman  subject : real options  vince ,  i am traveling at this time , attending a nsf meeting in washington .  however , i wanted to touch base regarding plans for your presentation in my  class on real options next thursday ( may 4 ) . as you recall , the class is  from 3 : 30 to 6 : 30 , and you could plan to take a significant part of that  time for your presentation . sheridan titman has agreed to join us after  his  class at about 6 : 00 for a 30 minute "" panel discussion "" with the students on  issues related to real options in practice . l  i am not sure about your travel plans , but we would be happy to plan  lunch on thursday with several of my colleagues . i would also be delighted  to be your host for dinner on thursday night if that is convenient for you .  i ' ll be back in my office on monday , and will look forward to  hearing from you .  jim  james s . dyer  fondren centennial chair in business  department of management science and information systems  cba 5 . 202  the university of texas at austin  austin , texas 78712 - 1175  email : j . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu  telephone : 512 - 471 - 5278  fax : 512 - 471 - 0587",0
2410,"Subject: organisational announcement - introducing enron global markets  as evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter ,  enron  , s wholesale energy businesses in north america and europe continue to  experience tremendous growth . the opportunities to continue to grow our  natural gas and power businesses have never been better and it is critical to  enron  , s future success that we remain focused on expanding these businesses  and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets .  it is equally important that we continue to develop new businesses outside of  gas and electricity , which can make significant contributions to our earnings  growth . we have made significant progress in developing these businesses in  north america , europe , and most recently in our new net works business unit .  included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products ,  coal , emissions , insurance , currency , equity trading , interest rates , credit  trading , paper and pulp , and metals .  while significant progress has been made in these efforts we need to  accelerate the growth of these new businesses while continuing to  aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in north america  and europe . in order to accomplish these two objectives and to capitalize on  the increasingly global opportunities in these new businesses we are today  announcing the formation of a new business unit  ) enron global markets . this  new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in  scope , but outside our traditional gas and power markets . this new core  business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with  the north american and european businesses .  enron global markets will be headed by mike mcconnell , president and chief  executive officer , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer . they will  report to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron global markets . mark ,  mike and jeff will comprise the office of the chairman for enron global  markets .  included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the  chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders :  - global crude and products : john nowlan  - coal : george mcclellan  - currency , equities , interest rate and agricultural trading : gary hickerson  - insurance and weather : jere overdyke  enron  , s metals business and enron credit . com will remain the responsibility  of enron europe . the paper and pulp business will continue to reside in north  america .  with the departure of mike mcconnell from enron net works , we are pleased to  announce the following appointments in that business unit :  - jeff mcmahon : president and chief operating officer  - louise kitchen : chief commercial officer  - philippe bibi : chief technology officer  jeff , louise and philippe , along with greg whalley , will comprise the office  of the chairman for enron net works .  with jeff shankman  , s departure from enron north america  , s natural gas  operation , all of jeff  , s direct reports will report to john lavorato .  we are also pleased to announce the following changes to the enron north  america office of the chairman . john lavorato will join the ena office of  the chairman as chief operating officer . dave delainey will assume the role  of president and chief executive officer . mark frevert will retain his role  as chairman of enron north america in addition to his role as chairman of  both enron global markets and enron europe .  please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in  supporting the new enron global markets organisation .",0
5670,"Subject: datren williams acceptance  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000  08 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carol coats  09 / 29 / 2000 02 : 36 pm  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : datren williams acceptance  celeste ,  i just received datren williams ' acceptance with the following note attached :  "" my graduation date ( ph . d . candidate from lsu ) is dec . 2000 . celeste roberts  has informed me that i would have the option of starting work feb . 2001 . i am  under the impression that i will start in feb . 2001 . my offer letter has a  start date  of aug . 2001 . if this is a problem , please give me a call .  looking forward to working at enron .  thanks a million ,  datren w . ""  please let me know if he may in fact start in feb . 2001 , and if so , do you  have  a specific date for him , or may he choose ?  thanks , celeste ,  carol",0
3795,"Subject: re : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem  hello shmuel ,  thanks for your message . the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 were  extremely busy  and i could not focus on pserc issues . i shall consult a few people in enron  on this subject and get in  touch with you . our concern right now is that the results of research are  widely shared with  our competition .  i am out on the 19 th , but the 20 th would work for me . i would be glad to  cover the cost of your austin  to houston trip .  regarding your son . the analyst / associate program will interview again on  the campus  in the spring and they will be more than happy to interview him .  "" shmuel oren "" on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 40 : 02 pm  to :  cc : "" dennis ray "" , ,  subject : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem  hello vince  happy holidays .  i wanted to connect with you regarding the possibility of enron joining  pserc . as you might have heard from lance and alex we are going through a  transition period having doubled the number of universities and industry  members within the last year . consequently , our business processes are not  well developed . one of the problems we are facing is the balance between the  electrical engineering folks and industry members that are more interested  in market related research . i hope to recruit more of the later so tat we  have more of a constituency in the advisory board that sees the value of  market related research . i already have a verbal commitment from people at  electrabell that expressed interest in joining pserc . with members like  electrabell and enron we will be able to support more market stem projects  such as the one that shijie deng proposed ( not funded in this round ) . please  let me know if i can do anything to facilitate the decision at enron . i am  going to be in austin on january 19 to participate at a puct hearing and  could come through huston for a visit . attached are some items that i shared  with our pserc members and thought that you might be interested in them as  well .  regards , shmuel .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : "" shmuel oren ""  to : "" power systems engineering research center ""  sent : tuesday , december 19 , 2000 9 : 47 am  subject : re : pserc nuggets related to market stem  > the following are 3 items that demonstrate the impact of pserc research in  > the market stem area .  >  > 1 . on december 12 , i ( shmuel oren ) testified at a hearing in san  francisco  > before the blue ribbon panel ( chaired by alfred kahn ) for the that is  > investigating the implications of uniform price vs . pay as bid auctions in  > the california px . as part of my testimony i presented a movie produced  by  > tim mount and bob thomas that show results of an experimental economic  study  > showing how bidders respond by raising their bids in a pay as bid auction .  > following is an acknowledgement i received .  >  > dear shmuel :  >  >  > thank you for attending the blue ribbon panel this past tuesday in san  > francisco . your presentation was very informative and valuable to all the  > panel members and other participants . the panel greatly appreciates your  > involvement in this important project .  >  >  > thanks again ,  > natalie efland  >  >  > 2 . a recent e - mail from the texas puc  >  > professor oren , i hope you and your family are doing well . we are  seriously  > considering your help and advice to facilitate the commission ' s final  > decision regarding retail competition in ercot .  >  > i wanted to let you know that ercot stakeholders filled an application  for  > approval of the ercot protocols in november . we received comments  including  > list of issues on november 22 and reply comments on december 1 . staff  will  > draft and submit a preliminary order to the commissioners for their  > discussion on december 13 . there will be a pre - hearing on december 15  when  > parties will be asked to brief the commission on list of issues by the end  > of first week in january . there will be a hearing on january 16 followed  > with another hearing if needed . parties have asked the commission to  > finalize its decision by mid march .  >  > to give you some more background , i have to mention that almost most of  your  > suggestions were accepted and will be reflected in the final protocols ,  > except for problems with intra - zonal gaming regarding congestion  management  > and pay - as - bid compensation for selected ancillary services . a few  > additional concerns are raised regarding ancillary services and congestion  > management . stakeholders are still working toward more load participation  > in ercot market . however , the main problem is the fact that market ( pilot  > that covers 100 % of wholesale , but only 5 % of retail load ) will be open on  > june 1 , 2001 based on a version of the protocols locked on august 1 , 2000 .  > ( that was the deadline for ercot to give a final design to anderson  > consulting . ) that version does not include some of your recommendations  to  > address market design flaws . the full version is highly possible to be  > implemented by january 1 , 2002 when market for 100 % retail competition is  > scheduled to open . given this gap , some parties have recommended not to  > implement incomplete protocols and wait for full implementation by january  > 2002 . in other words , they say let ' s go ahead with 5 % pilot retail load ,  > but wait for full design implementation before allowing 100 % wholesale  load  > ( and retail load ) be subject to the rules of the game described in the  final  > protocols .  >  > thanks .  >  > parviz adib , ph . d .  > director of market oversight division  > public utility commission of texas  > 1701 n . congress avenue  > p . o . box 13326  > austin , texas 78711 - 3326  > ph . no . : 512 - 936 - 7365  >  > 3 . the following is a segment from a published summary of the dec 13 puct  > hearing . this segment describes the commision ' s deliberation on an agenda  > item addressing the possibility of instituting price caps as part of the  > ercot protocols . ( see reference to my involvement in the next to last  > paragraph )  >  > docket no . 23220 - petition of the electric reliability council of texas  > for approval of the ercot protocols . ( discussion and possible action )  > parviz adib , jess totten , keith rogas , and tammy cooper  > chairman wood turned to page 2 item number 3 of the draft order  identifying  > issues , recommending that the word "" including "" be changed to "" other than ""  in  > the parentheses . he thinks they know the ups and downs of the two  > mechanisms , which are bid caps and price caps , but would not mind having  > parties focus on what other protections might be used . commissioner walsh  > would say "" including , but not limited to "" because she does not think it is  a  > bad idea for ercot to at least consider in their protocols a fail - safe  > mechanism . it ' s kind of like the stock market suspending trading when  > something crazy happens . they could consider a maximum scenario , such as  > "" we don ' t think this will ever happen but if it does we need to muffle  it "" ,  > whether it is $ 1 , 000 or $ 99 or whatever it is . they could consider  whether  > to put into the protocols a self - enacting price cap . while not expecting  it  > to happen , if it did , you don ' t have to declare it an emergency and have  the  > commission have to act . chairman wood asked if they could leave the  > question without the parenthetical at all and just say "" what protections  > should be added to avoid extreme price spikes . "" commissioner walsh  > reiterated that she wants ercot to think about the unlikely possibility of  > unacceptable price spikes . she would like for them to have their own  > fail - safe mechanism that is self - initiating as opposed to leaving that to  > having someone have to come in and act . commissioner perlman stated that  he  > thinks the california - type price caps is what the concern is about . he  > thinks everyone in this state is opposed to those , but he thinks the point  > commissioner walsh is making is an interesting one . he had not thought  > about the circuit breaker idea , and it might have some merit . he agreed  > that it was worth considering something like that . then the question  > becomes what the level is . chairman wood suggested the wording "" what  > self - implementing protections should be added to avoid the price spikes .  > commissioner perlman said he did not think anyone is talking about $ 250  > price caps . commissioner walsh agreed , but noted that if the unexpected  > happens we should be prepared . commissioner perlman indicated that if  > someone is making $ 10 , 000 in one particular hour that it probably does not  b  > enefit the market and is probably a windfall to them . it is not something  > they would normally put in their business plan for determining whether  they  > are going to build a plant in texas . chairman wood stated that they want  to  > lean toward the market as heavily as they can on these issues .  >  > chairman wood noted that some of these issues date back to when dr . oren  was  > assisting the commission , and asked if he could be brought back again .  > staffer dr . parviz adib said that staff had already talked to dr . oren and  > that he is available to assist the commission further . chairman wood  noted  > that dr . oren had helped people think outside the box without just  focusing  > on california .  >  > the final wording was clarified to state "" self - implementing mechanisms ""  and  > to delete the parenthetical part of the sentence in question . the order  was  > approved as amended .  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >  >",0
3933,"Subject: re : li sun  jeff ,  no problem . we shall invite her for an interview . a / a programs has real  problems with logistics .  vince  from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 22 / 2000 05 : 11 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : li sun  hi vince , i ' m over in london so i ' m sorry for not calling this morning . i  met li last year and at wharton . i ' m sorry the a / a program did not contact  you earlier as they were supposed to . li is a great modeller and would love  to work in your group . thanks for taking care of her . i ' ll be in touch  later . jeff",0
4506,"Subject: order confirmation  thank you for your order . instructions regarding any electronic product  purchases and a full order summary are listed below , beginning after the  special announcement .  special announcement  introducing hbr onpoint , an indispensible new resource from "" harvard  business review "" that makes it faster and easier to put important  management thinking to work .  hbr onpoint gives you :  * a quick overview of critical management concepts  * different experts ' views on a given topic  * the context critical for sharing and applying the knowledge you ' ve  acquired  to learn more and pick up a free article overview , visit our web site :  below you will find your order information . if you have any questions  concerning this order , please e - mail us at orderreceipt @ hbsp . harvard . edu  ( or just reply to this message ) . for technical inquiries , email us at  techhelp @ hbsp . harvard . edu  your order reads as follows :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  customer ' s web id : 431620  sold - to no : 148820  sold to information :  first name : wincenty  last name : kaminski  institution / company name : enron corp  job title : managing director  mail stop / dept . : ebl 962  address : 1400 smith  address :  city : houston  state : tx  zip / postal code : 77002  country : united states  email address : vkamins @ enron . com  phone number : 713 853 3848  fax number : 713 646 2503  attn :  name of person who placed order : wincenty kaminski  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  billing information :  first name : wincenty  last name : kaminski  institution / company name : enron corp  job title : managing director  mail stop / dept . : ebl 962  address : 1400 smith  address :  city : houston  state : tx  zip / postal code : 77002  country : united states  email address : vkamins @ enron . com  phone number : 713 853 3848  fax number : 713 646 2503  attn :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shipping information :  first name : wincenty  last name : kaminski  institution / company name : enron corp  job title : managing director  mail stop / dept . : ebl 962  address : 1400 smith  address :  city : houston  state : tx  zip / postal code : 77002  country : united states  email address : vkamins @ enron . com  phone number : 713 853 3848  fax number : 713 646 2503  attn :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  order  prod . # product title quantity price total  297055 copper and zinc mark . . . 1 $ 6 . 50 $ 6 . 50  293053 sally jameson : valui . . . 1 $ 6 . 50 $ 6 . 50  sub - total : $ 13 . 00  surcharge : $ 0 . 00  shipping and handling : $ 4 . 00  gst : $ 0 . 00  tax : $ 0 . 00  grand total : $ 17 . 00  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  total due : $ 0 . 00 ( pre - paid by visa )  shipping method : standard delivery u . s . , 48 states  * please note that there is applicable sales tax in ca , ct , il , ma , md , and  tn for the products you have ordered . if you are ordering from one of  these states , the amount shown on your invoice and / or credit card  statement will be slightly higher than the total listed above , to reflect  the applied sales tax . *  mailing lists are a great way to keep up with what ' s going on at the  harvard business publishing web site . right now , we offer 3 alerts :  management alert , strategy alert , or hr / training alert . each of these  e - mail newsletters regularly combines a specially selected excerpt with  announcements of new and bestselling products from our extensive catalog .  you can also find out what ' s coming up in both harvard business review and  harvard management update newsletter . to subscribe to one or more of  these free services , follow the link below . and thank you for ordering  from harvard business school publishing , the power of ideas at work . ",0
4104,"Subject: re : greetings  frank ,  thanks for your message .  see you in houston and happy holidays .  vince  frank qian on 12 / 19 / 2000 11 : 56 : 14 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : greetings  dear mr . kaminski :  i am very glad to be slected for the 2 nd round interview at enron . it will  be at the end of january . i look forward to seeing you again and meeting  other people of research group .  have a happy holiday and new year !  frank",0
1216,"Subject: rreally works very good  hello , welcome to pharmonli thyroid ne s newtonian hop  - one of the leading oniine campaign pharmaceutical shops  malnutrition v  dimply g  a unfold l  l withdraw l  unarmed la  r spatio a cupboard cl  i decision sv osierbed a  classic um  andmanyother .  - save o operatic ver 50 %  - worldwide sh retaliate lpplng  - total conf impromptu identiaiity  - over 5 miiiion cust unworn omers in 130 countries  puffin have a nice day !",1
474,"Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments  event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm  est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative  investment manager , michael mansfield  to register for this complimentary  event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm .  even warren buffett is negative on real estate - "" the  biggest financial bubble in  history ""  warren buffett , the second richest man in the world ,  recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked ,  "" it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a  twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to  replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . "" [ if you  want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ]  so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble  ready to burst ?  and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note :  buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s  decline in the last quarter of 2004 ]  for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been  discussing in his live online meetings .  who is michael mansfield ?  top - ranked alternative investment  manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified  fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st  at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this  event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the  objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no  correlation to stocks or real estate .  what will be covered ?  mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global  markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real  estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so  successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts .  in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right  now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real  estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it .  who is this event for ( investors ,  advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ?  if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts  ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks ,  bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or   capital ( or your clients ' capital )  into alternative investments with above average returns and below average  drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing  broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due  to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past ,  we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june  21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the  world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times  provided :  registration for this  event  thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa )  ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est  ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st  at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local  time )  some of mansfield ? s notable  accomplishments  - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 -  top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large  additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash  of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability -  co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx )  space for this event is limited and will be filled on  a first - come - first serve basis .  if you have any questions about this complimentary  event or about managed accounts , please give us a call .  sincerely ,  joe loraforexmanaged account  departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united  states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733  ( international )  to unsubscribe , please go to the link  below : ",1
2172,"Subject: personnel announcement  jordan h . mintz has been named vice president & general counsel for enron  global finance and will be leaving the enron north america tax group .  stephen h . douglas , sr . director , will head up tax services for ena . steve  came to ena ' s tax planning group from the charlotte , north carolina firm  fennebresque , clark , swindell & hay in may , 1998 . he was previously  affiliated with the skadden , arps law firm in new york city . steve received  his bs degree in finance and mathematics from trinity university ( 1987 ) , his  jd from the university of texas school of law ( 1990 ) and his llm in taxation  from the new york university school of law ( 1993 ) .  please join me in congratulating jordan and steve in their new roles .  robert j . hermann , managing director & general tax counsel",0
770,"Subject: start your trading day with a bang  homeland security investments  the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 20 ol have  changed  the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and  | ogica |  security have become paramount for al | industry segments , especially in  the  banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga ,  a  whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for  information security products and services is set to eciipse $ 46 b by  2005 .  homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing  our  readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this  | ucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeiand security  happen  with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position  ourseives in  such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to  capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeiand security  investments is here to heip our readers do just that .  with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie ,  inc .  this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong  terms .  symbol : vnbl . ob  current price : o . 08  short term target price : 0 . 35  12 month target price : 1 . 2 o  * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * *  * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency  identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors  to  transmit information about a person or object wireiessly .  * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location  technology .  * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technology which a | | ows companies  and  governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such  technoiogy  has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materiais  designated "" high risk "" were they to fail into the wrong hands .  * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order  to  create "" high security space "" in locales where it is deemed necessary .  locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea  ports ,  mines , nuclear facilities , and more .  * as with ail stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has  made vnbl a hot buy .  news on vnbl  malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc .  ( otcbb : vnbl -  news ) , a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth  opportunities  in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and  other  security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and  services that wi | | assist in the automation of the identification and  contro | of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in  the  oil & gas and petrochemica | industries .  aithough small wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines  and  equipment to detect possible probiems before they become serious , they  can  aiso deliver safety features within oi | wells . oil maybe trapped in  different | ayers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of  specific  liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise  opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur ,  such as  a weil filling with water .  as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can aiso provide  the  safe transit of materials by only the authorized handier , and | imit the  entry of personne | to specific | ocations . ensuring personne | safety is  essential , shouid there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags would  enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee ' s safety and / or  danger . this appiication technoiogy requires product and hardware that  can  operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives  vaiuabie  safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid  can  also assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and  chemical  products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retail | evel .  vinoble ' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these applications are  more  than just a valuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective  measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against  threat .  preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of  u . s .  industry and economy .  the company beiieves that such offering service and technology  application  in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wiil further position  vinoble in  a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the  increasing capita | and global spending that the company wiil require  for  growth . the company ' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at  a  cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to  do  without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of  constant threat .  this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is  exceptional . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy  innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock .  information within this email contains "" forward looking statements ""  within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and  section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,  expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,  assumptions or  future  events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be  "" forward looking statements . "" forward looking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are  made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause  actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently  anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be  identified  through the use of words such as "" projects "" , "" foresee "" , "" expects "" ,  "" wil | , "" "" anticipates , "" "" estimates , "" "" beiieves , "" "" understands "" or  that by  statements indicating certain actions "" may , "" "" couid , "" or "" might "" occur .  as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating  history ,  the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an  unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority  stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw  materiais :  reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and  numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital .  these  factors and others are more fuliy speiled out in the company ' s sec  filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket  stock  report does not represent that the information contained in this  message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact  necessary  to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information  provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities  must  be  understood as information provided and not investment advice . the  rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice  from  a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to  trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within  this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or  soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .  you  can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of  the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax ,  accounting or  investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies  are  specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance  of  these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits  in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .  remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future  results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a  company ' s filings , should be compieted prior to investing . in  compiiance  with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report  discioses the receipt of tweive thousand do | | ars from a third party  ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for  the  circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock  they  wi | | seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict  of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this  is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . ail factual information  in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not  limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases .  the  rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can  make  no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia |  within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .",1
1281,"Subject: re : super charge your desktop or laptop today ! 17639  take control of your computer with this top - of - the - line software !  symantec systemworks 2002  - = professional software suite = -  this special package includes six - yes 6 ! - feature - packed utilities  all for 1 special low price of only $ 29 . 99 !  this software will :  - protect your computer from unwanted and hazardous viruses  - help secure your private & valuable information  - allow you to transfer files and send e - mails safely  - backup your all your data quick and easily  - improve your pc ' s performance w / superior integral diagnostics !  - * * * * * you ' ll never have to take your pc to the repair shop again ! * * * * *  that ' s six , yes , - 6 - feature - packed utilities @ 1 great price ! ! !  a $ 300 + combined retail value yours only $ 29 . 99 ! ( limited time offer )  why so cheap you ask ? you are buying online wholesale ,  direct from the warehouse to you !  ~ ~ ~ and ~ ~ ~  for a limited time buy 2 of any software & get 1 free ! ! ! !  don ' t fall prey to destructive viruses or programs !  protect your computer and your valuable information and . . .  . . . click here to order now ! - > http : / / 61 . 151 . 247 . 39 / erik /  or cut & paste the above link ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ in your browser ' s url bar .  for more questions , or to order call us toll - free anytime !  1 - 8 0 0 - 8 6 1 - 1 4 8 1  we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive  our special mailings . you have opted - in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting  to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained  the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal  services . the list code in which you are registered is marked at the bottom of this email .  if you do not wish to receive further mailings ,  please click here - > http : / / 61 . 151 . 247 . 39 / erik / remove . asp to be removed from the list .  please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests .  iaes ( international association of email security ) approved list . serial # 9 e 45 tyu 2 - ssi 3 usa",1
504,"Subject: reduce cellulite . proven alternative to cosmetic surgery ! gpndq  take advantage of our no cost trial ! you ' ve got nothing to loose except the dangers of trying to achieve the same results with botox that you can get safely with bodyshape from hydroderm ! ( )  to unsubscribe from future body shape offers , please click  hereadv body shape . 11240 playa court . culver city . ca .  90230  lvswinjqgxlx",1
227,"Subject: reply a . s . a . p  united trust bank limited  80 haymarket , london  swly 4 te  i am mr . alexander george , the account officer of mr . morris  thompson who died in the plane crash of alaska airlines  flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 along with his  wife and only daughter ( who happens to be his next of kin ) .  he has an account with us . you should read more about the  crash on visiting this site ( s ) .  since we got information about his death , we have been  expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and  claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody  applies for it as next of kin or as a relative to the  deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .  i was contacted by the executor of his will to find somebody  that can stand in as his next of kin , so that the funds  would not be trapped in our bank . all legal paper work will  be taken care of by him ( the executor )  if you are favorably disposed to joing us in doing this ,  please respond as soon as possible . in the event you are not  interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email  and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my  banking career should you mention this to someoneelse . i  hope you can be trusted in this regard .  regards ,  alexander george",1
4338,Subject: request submitted : access request for  praveen . mellacheruvu @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000012987  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 1 / 9 / 01 3 : 03 : 48 pm  requested for : praveen . mellacheruvu @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory,0
1323,Subject: pleasure your women - size does matter !  expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks  http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss /  the greeks invented logic but were not fooled by it .  to be feared is much safer then to be loved .  it is a youthful failing to be unable to control one ' s impulses .  the strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice .  tears at times have all the weight of speech .,1
3489,"Subject: re : ebs research telecom rercruiting effot  hi kristy , please track down electronic form of the four students that we  interviewed ( 2 stanford , 2 mit ) . if you need help , feel free to talk to  vince to find out which one he has etc . . . .  vince , there will be salal from mit coming in march 5 th ( i think , kristy  please confirm ) . he is very qualified and most like a good fit . so , please  let hr know that we may add a couple , etc .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 20 / 00 12 : 46  am - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 18 / 00 08 : 24 am  to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ebs research telecom rercruiting effot  ravi ,  our compensation for summer interns is very generous . it ' s more than what an  engineering student expects .  vince  p . s . any progress on the resumes in electronic form ? i want to send a  package to charlene today .  vince  ravi thuraisingham @ enron communications on 02 / 17 / 2000 02 : 34 : 01 pm  to : vince kaminski , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ebs research telecom rercruiting effot  hi , vince please put your best effort in making sure that we differentiate  summer interns and associates that ebs research will be hiring . i am talking  about compensation here . ken rice mentioned that ebs is in the process of  developing a technical equivalent of our aa pool . ebs research people can  potentially rotate through this pool in the future . i just don ' t want to  risk losing people like giuseppe ( & get the word out that we are low - ballers )  because we have to fit them into certain set of categories that was designed  for the energy business . i realize that you have estabilished such  differentiation for research as a whole , but i think that would have to be  moved up a notch in the case of ebs .  ravi .",0
3955,"Subject: bio ' s  hi john !  so sorry for the delay in getting these to you this evening - - - "" connectivity ""  issues . . . a few monks too few ! ! ( haha ) .  here are the most current bio ' s for jeff and ken :  .  i thoroughly enjoyed our dinner this evening and look forward to seeing you  tomorrow !  thanks !  - - christie .",0
962,"Subject: cell phone weather service for outdoorsmen font - size : 12 px ; padding : 5 px "" > free trial : start your 14 day free trial now ! locks in your discount !  - or -  subscribe now : start your discounted full subscription right away !  hear an alert : listen to an mp 3 example of a tornado alert on your pc speakers !  more information : go to the weatherwave website for more info .  get weatherwave now !  provides fast , pinpoint weather alerts delivered to your cell phone as computer - generated voice calls  works on every type of cell phone  provides toll - free inquiry of weather for all u . s . cities ( and for coastal boaters , all u . s . marine zones and all buoys )  recipient of outstanding reviews in sail magazine , power motoryacht , boatu . s . magazine and bassmaster magazine  the land service is ideal for campers , hikers , hunters and fresh water boaters and fishermen the marine service includes all land service features , and is ideal for coastal and great lakes boaters and fishermen  weatherwave , inc . 11654 plaza american dr . # 748 reston , va 20190 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1
3242,"Subject: action learning project  congratulations ! your company project was selected by the students for the  2001 action learning project program at rice university . the company day was  a huge success last week , and we appreciate all your time and effort . on  monday , january 22 , we will send you a list of your team members via email  with a hard copy to follow . student team members will be in touch soon so  that you can plan your first meeting .  thanks for your continued support and interest in the jones school .  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  carrie chamberlin miller  director of mba program  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /",0
2725,"Subject: re : lawyer  what do i need to do to move this thing forward ?  i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know how  to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it were  not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never have a  chance .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm  subject : re : lawyer  ian ,  sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  i have one challenge i did not anticipate  when i talked to you the first time about our real options  internal seminar .  the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor  from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding  the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the  materials  outside enron .  please , give me some time to find out if i can work  around this issue .  vince  "" macmillan , ian "" on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am  to : "" ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' ""  cc :  subject : lawyer  i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar  materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of  real  options with enron",0
1909,"Subject: re : weekly international econ review  gwyn ,  i see no reason why we cannot include the article in monday ' s issue . of  course , vince will need to review it as he does for everyone ' s material . i ' m  forwarding a copy to him with this message .  regarding the software , you can just initiate a security request online and  order it . we can put issues online the old way until they set you up with  the new stuff . by the way , i ' m going to be gone thursday and friday , so when  your new issue is ready on friday , you should send it to elena . i know she  will be here at least in the morning .  sam  gwyn koepke  10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 29 am  to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : weekly international econ review  sam , this is great , thanks for taking care of that so quickly ! i will check  on the software needed and get back to you today .  also , maureen and i co - authored a paper on ppp and our thai forecast that  might be appropriate for the tech corner . i ' ve attached it below . please  advise if we can get this into the tech corner for next week .  thanks ,  gwyn  from : william smith 10 / 17 / 2000 08 : 34 am  to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : weekly international econ review  gwyn ,  i was successful in my efforts to put your new product on the web site ! have  a look ! i know elena may want to modify it a bit , but at least it ' s up  there . i have a couple of suggestions for your future efforts :  get adobe acrobat 4 . 0 , full version ( not just the reader ) - - - this will allow  you to publish it in final form from your desk .  do you have access to the y : drive ? it ' s a drive mapped off of o : \ research  and all of the web pages are there . let me know , and if you don ' t , as long  as you have rights to o : \ research , i can come down and map if for you .  then , all you have to do is print the new edition to pdf , then save it to the  same spot each time , and it ' s automatically online .  sam",0
2261,"Subject: re : gwen koepke  i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then ,  just let me know .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm  to : labbe , anne  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : re : gwen koepke  anne ,  thanks for contacting me about this .  as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it  today as this matter was outstanding for a long time .  i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager ,  effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus  10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager .  such promotions take place in march and i think  gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management  ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) .  on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client  for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is  unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with  her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor  or leave enron .  given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal  customer  will be quite a challenge .  gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget .  i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes .  vince  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gwen koepke  vince ,  just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that  gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but  have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i  hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i  just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc .  also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through  shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your  expectations during prc .  thanks ,  anne",0
2946,"Subject: energy book vl . 0  vince :  i have rewritten the paragragh for chapter 3 . please read and return your  comments .  thanks ,  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2000 02 : 48  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chris strickland on 02 / 15 / 2000 05 : 28 : 42 am  to : grant masson @ ect , vkamins @ ect  cc :  subject : energy book  hi grant ,  hope all is well with you . i trust you got my message via the voicemail  that ileft with vince late friday afternoon about my inability to travel -  i ' m trying to rearrange my trip for a couple of week ' s time when my ear has  cleared up , and i look forward to meeting with you one day .  i wrote to vince last week asking for a favour , but i ' m not sure ifhe is  there in houston . i know that you guys are probably very busy but i was  wondering if you can write a few sentences for me . i ' m sending out some  sample chapters to the people who responded positively ( all of them ! ) to my  request for some feedback on the book . chapter 1 has an ' overview ' of the  book with just a couple of sentences on each chapter . could you please  write a sentence or two for your chapter ?  i ' m including what i have already written ( although i think it has changed  slightly from this version ) so that you can see the style .  many thanks and best regards .  chris .  2 overview of this book  this book aims to provide an in - depth understanding of the pricing and risk  management of energy derivatives . in the remainder of this chapter we give  an overview of the fundamental principals needed to model and price energy  assets , and which underlie the rest of the book . as well as introducing  the techniques that underlie the black - scholes modelling framework we  discuss the numerical techniques of trinomial trees and monte carlo  simulation for derivative pricing which are used extensively later in the  book .  in chapter 2 we analyse spot energy prices . apart from describing  empirical prices we propose a number of processes that can be used to model  the prices . we look at the well - know process of gbm as well as mean  reversion , stochastic volatility and jump processes , discussing each , and  showing how they can be simulated and their parameters estimated .  chapter 3 , written by vince kaminski , grant masson and ronnie chahal of  enron corporation , discusses volatility estimation in energy commodity  markets . this chapter builds on the previous one . it examines in detail  the methods , merits and pitfalls of the volatility estimation process  assuming different pricing models introduced in chapter 2 . examples  from crude , gas , and electricity markets are used to illustrate the  technical and interpretative aspects of calculating volatility .  chapter 4 examines forward curves in the energy markets . although such  curves are well understood and straight forward in the world debt markets  the difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well defined  curves . what we do in this chapter  chapter 5 presents an overview of the common and not - so - common derivative  structures in the energy markets and discusses their uses . examples of  products analysed in this chapter include a variety of swaps , caps , floors  and collars , as well as energy swaptions , compound options , asian ( or  average rate ) options , barriers , lookbacks , and ladder options .  chapter 6 investigates single and multi - factor models of the energy spot  price and the pricing of some standard energy derivatives . closed form  solutions for forward prices , forward volatilities , and european option  prices are derived and presented for all the models in this chapter  including a three factor stochastic convenience yield and interest rate  model with jumps .  chapter 7 shows how the prices of path dependent and american style options  can be evaluated for the models in chapter 6 . simulation schemes are  developed for the evaluation of european style options and applied to a  variety of path dependent options . in order to price options which  incorporate early exercise opportunities , a trinomial tree scheme is  developed . this tree is built to be consistent with the observed forward  curve and can be used to price exotic as well as standard american style  options .  chapter 8 develops a new methodology for valuing energy options based on  modelling the market observed forward curve . the approach results in a  multi - factor model that is able to capture realistically the evolution of a  wide range of energy forward curves and where the user defined volatility  structures can be of an extremely general form . closed - form solutions are  developed for pricing standard european options and efficient monte carlo  schemes for exotic options . the chapter finishes with a discussion of the  valuation of american style options .  chapter 9 focuses on the risk management of energy derivative positions .  in this chapter we discuss the management of price risk for institutions  that sell options or other derivatives to a client and who is then faced  with the problem of managing the risk through time . we begin with delta  hedging a portfolio containing derivatives and look at extensions to gamma  hedging - using the models from chapters 5 and 7 . the general model of  chapter 7 ideally suited to multi - factor hedging and this is also  discussed .  chapter 10 looks at the key risk - management concept of value at risk  applied to portfolios containing energy derivative portfolios . after  discussing the concept of the measure , we look at how the key inputs  ( volatilities , covariances , correlations , etc ) can be estimated . we then  compare the fours major methodologies for computing var ; delta ,  delta - gamma , historical simulation and monte - carlo simulation . finally , we  look at testing the var estimates for various underlying energy market  variables .",0
4584,"Subject: july conference on real options  please find attached the programs for two back - two - back conferences on real  options at cambridge university in uk . the two conferences are separate but  complementary events . the first conference , co - sponsored with andersen  consulting and morgan stanley dean witter , on july 5 - 6 , is a professional  conference on real options valuation in the information economy :  internet / high - tech / telecom , r & d / pharma , energy . for info . and online  registration see www . rogroup . com .  the second is the 4 th annual international conference on real options :  theory meets practice ( the annual industry event where academics and  practitioners get together to share the latest developments on theory and  applications ) , co - organized with u . cambridge on july 7 - 8 . for info . and  online registration see www . realoptions . org  among the two events , we are pleased to present an extensive array of  practitioner and academic presentations , sharing of experiences by corporate  executives , and panel discussions by experts from leading organizations and  universities . our keynote speaker this year will be myron s . scholes ,  co - developer of the black - scholes option valuation .  interested participants must register for the conference ( preferably on  line ) and indicate hotel preferences ( among 5 - 6 hotels ) by june 15  ( latest ) .  we look forward to seeing you at this exciting event , and would appreciate  if you share this with interested colleagues .  - camjuly 2000 profconference . doc  - conf 4 program . doc",0
5356,"Subject: update - rofr  per our meeting , i added a switch so that the pipeline can accept or reject  the best bid  if the best bid is not the cap rate .  zimin",0
953,"Subject: account zzzz @ example . com  new account for : zzzz @ example . com  # #  # adult club #  # offers free membership #  # #  # 3 of the best adult sites #  # on the internet for absolutely free #  # #  > > > > you have instant access to all 3 sites now  > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com  > > > > password : 1534  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  news 09 / 24 / 02  with just over 4 . 8 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 921 , 947 new  members . are you one of them yet ? ? ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  our membership faq  q . why are you offering free access to 3 adult membership sites for free ?  a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership .  q . is it true my membership is for life ?  a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do .  q . can i give my account to my friends and family ?  a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 .  q . do i have to sign up for all 3 membership sites ?  a . no just one to get access to all of them .  q . how do i get started ?  a . click on one of the following links below to become a member .  > > > > fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free  membership !  > > > > if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  # 3 . > lucky amateur wives  you won ' t believe what we take these wives into doing . . . free vip membership ! !  # 2 . > new ! just added today : cum drinkers  950 , 00 pics , 90 , 000 movies , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! !  # 1 . > filthy teen sluts  the ultimate xxx teen site . . . free vip membership ! !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jennifer simpson , miami , fl  your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your  adult sites are the best on the net !  joe morgan manhattan , ny  your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is  that they ' re absolutely free !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  disclaimer :  we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special  mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any  special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent  3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you  do not wish to receive further mailings , please go to http : / / greenzer . com / remove . php to be removed  from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all  removal requests .  thank you zzzz @ example . com  oldhtlheuhcclco",1
2413,"Subject: invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  best regards  emma  - invite . doc",0
5598,"Subject: re : order for book  julie ,  the discount is fine . look fwd to receiving the books .  vince  "" julie "" on 01 / 08 / 2001 09 : 30 : 53 pm  please respond to "" julie ""  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc :  subject : order for book  vince ,  ?  i can offer you 12 . 5 % off of your order for 50 books ( we originally spoke to  habiba about setting up a 50 % discount ? but enron would have to order a  minimum of 200 books . ? ? since the ? change over , nothing has been set up on  this ) . ?  ?  let me know if i should go ahead with the invoice .  ?  thanks ,  julie",0
5299,"Subject: re : informal interview with the enron research group  fyi :  i have arranged the following interview schedule and marked your calendars .  ( except paulo - i do not have access to his calendar ) . i have reserved eb  1938 . a copy of his resume will be forthcoming .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000  03 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  09 / 20 / 2000 03 : 37 pm  to : "" nelson neale "" @ enron  cc :  subject : re : informal interview with the enron research group  mr . neale :  thank you for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following date and  times . please let me know if they are convenient for you .  friday , september 29 th :  vince kaminski 8 : 30 am  grant masson 9 : 00 am  vasant shanbhogue 9 : 30 am  zimin lu 10 : 00 am  paulo issler 10 : 30 am  stinson gibner will be out of the office for 3 weeks beginning monday , the  25 th so he will be unable to interview you .  we should be through between 11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am . if you have any questions  please feel free to call me .  when you come into the enron bldg . go to the security console and ask  for me . we are located on the 19 th floor and i will meet you at the elevator  lobby on the 19 th floor .  look forward to hearing from you soon .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290  "" nelson neale "" on 09 / 20 / 2000 03 : 18 : 45 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : informal interview with the enron research group  ms . crenshaw :  nice to hear from you ! i will be available on the following dates :  friday september 29 ( am or pm )  monday october 2 ( am )  thursday october 12 ( am or pm )  friday october 13 ( am or pm )  let me know which of the above dates and times works best for the group . i  look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  nelson neale  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  c . nelson neale , ph . d .  2990 bissonnet , # 9106  houston , tx 77005  ph : 713 - 303 - 5973  neneale @ hotmail . com  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com .  share information about yourself , create your own public profile at  http : / / profiles . msn . com .",0
213,"Subject: high growth investing for tomorrow  high growth investing  company ceo interviewsemerging technologies new trends to watchindustry statistics  view pdf  are americans and the rest of the world becoming  addicted to online gaming ? analysts predict over  $ 14 billion dollars a year will go to online casinos  gaming stocks may be set to explode !  read the full  10 page report  includes inside :  company profile : gaming transactions inc .  this publicly traded company looks like it has what it takes to become  a big player in the online gambling world . could it be the next payoff  for investors ? . . . more  the online gambling market  given the rate at which this market is expanding across the planet , the  outlook for the online gaming industry looks very positive . do the  numbers add up for investors ? . . . more  how big could it get ?  online gaming has become a seriously big business , with shares in some  companies increasing by up to eight times inside a year . . . . more  pick of the month : ggts  gaming transactions operates in one of the fastest growing industries  around and has an experienced management team . early investors , who get  in before the institutional investors , could make a fortune . . . . more  ggts : ceo interview  patrick smyth and stephen white head up company dedicated to bringing the next generation of online gaming . . . read full interview  the asian market  according to the diffusion group and game trust , china will become the # 1 online gaming market by 2007 . . . . more  investors are making huge gains as the world bets online .  could gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) be the next stock to rock ?  recently ,  we read an article in the economist that highlighted online gaming and  how it has become a socially acceptable form of entertainment . over the  next few days , as we thought about what sort of impact this trend could  have , we started to notice that online gambling was being discussed all  over the media - in newspapers , online and on television . it became  obvious to us that more and more people were jumping on the internet to  bet on games . we also came across some staggering statistics .  merrill lynch , for example , has predicted that gambling has the  potential to account for a full 1 % of global economic activity ! another  source , ecommercetimes . com , recently reported that the scope of this  business is so enormous that some have even claimed that it is the  single most important factor in the growth of e - commerce . the online  gaming industry , in other words , appears to be booming , and it may be  an ideal time to is time to invest .  we decided to  find out who the key players were in the business . after speaking with  a number of industry insiders , the trail led us to an emerging ,  publicly traded company called gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) . after a  close look at ggts , we decided that this company could produce huge returns on investment in the upcoming months .  although  ggts is a new company , it has some surprisingly experienced players at  the helm an uncommon thing to find in an industry only ten years old .  the company has come out with online versions of the addictive game keno .  and its management team was smart enough to secure the rights to the  keno . com website , which , if youre marketing keno , is as good as it  gets . keno has the widest spread for the house of any mainstream  gambling game . ggts is also about to launch a suite of other online  gambling games , including poker and sports - book betting . once it offers  these popular games , and given that it already has keno . com online , the  company could bring in great revenues , attracting a lot of attention in  the investment community and driving up its stock price .  after a successful north american launch ,  gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) has translated its games into chinese  and is about to hit asia . this initiative looks like a wise business  decision : many analysis anticipate that china will be the biggest  source of online gambling revenue by 2007 , so the company could be poised for massive expansion in terms of both profits and global reach .  what  does all this tell us ? a brand new company , a popular , well - known game ,  one of the biggest spreads for the house , a growing market , experienced  management , and a stock price that is trading under a dollar it adds up to the potential for huge gains for early investors . if youre interested in more information on the market and gaming transactions inc . , click here to read a free ten - page report . . .  to join market movers mailings http : / / ggtsstock . com to find out more .  first source data inc .  4535 west sahara ave # 217  las vegas nevada 89102  disclosure and disclaimer  investment news indepth reports ( hereinafter inir ) , operated by first  source data , inc . ( hereinafter fsd ) , is a business news publication  of regular and general circulation . this issue is not a research  report , does not purport to provide an analysis of any companys  financial position , and is not in any way to be construed as an offer  or solicitation to buy or sell any security . gaming transactions inc .  ( hereinafter ggts ) is the featured company . fsd managed the  publishing and distribution of this publication . the information  contained herein is being republished in reliance on statements made by  ggts management , and publicly disseminated information issued by third  parties regarding ggts and the online gaming industry , which are  presumed to be reliable , but neither fsd nor its editors , employees , or  agents accept any responsibility for the accuracy of such statements or  information , or the contents herein which are derived therefrom .  readers should independently verify all statements made in this  advertisement .  fsd has received compensation for the production and distribution of  this newsletter . the compensation received is in the amount of one  hundred and twenty eight thousand dollars and was received from  accelerated capital limited ( hereinafter acl ) for this advertising  effort . acl is a shareholder of ggts . because fsd received compensation  for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the  statements and opinions contained in this newsletter and such  statements and opinions cannot be considered independent .  internet - based companies , and those involving online gaming in  particular , are almost always very high risk investments , and investors  should be aware that they could potentially lose any investment made in  such companies in its entirety . we strongly encourage readers to  undertake their own due diligence to decide the best course of action  in connection with any investment decision that they might make . any  investment should be made only after consulting with a qualified  investment advisor .  media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dtel 071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .",1
1373,"Subject: ben zhang  any suggestions ?  - g  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 13 / 2000 09 : 06  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 12 / 2000 09 : 33 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ben zhang  what do you want to do ? my experience tells me that it ' s not about the  money . his wife doesn ' t want to move .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 09 / 12 / 2000  09 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  meastman @ qualitec . com on 09 / 12 / 2000 09 : 46 : 48 am  to :  cc :  subject : ben zhang  toni ,  i spoke with ben this morning and he is asking me what he should do . he  knows how good the opportunity is  and this is something he really wants to do . however , his wife is having a  hard time making the commitment . although he says she is not totally against  it , she is obviously not 100 % sold . ben feels bad about keeping vince ,  grant , and other potential team members at enron waiting . he does not want  to lose the opportunity , yet he needs some help in convincing his wife . i am  open for suggestions . is this somebody you really want and if so what can  we do get him ?  thanks ,  mike  qualitec professional services , lp  accounting - financial - energy risk - tax  search consultants  mike eastman , cpc  president  281 - 647 - 9300 fax 281 - 647 - 0933  email - meastman @ qualitec . com",0
3208,"Subject: fwd : mgmt 656  - - - "" jack blanton , jr . "" wrote :  > date : wed , 28 feb 2001 13 : 09 : 16 - 0800 ( pst )  > from : "" jack blanton , jr . ""  > subject : mgmt 656  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  >  > dear proffesor kaminski  > i wish to audit the energy derivatives class  > which  > you are teaching on thursday nights . i am currently  > a  > second year student in the emba program and am  > chairman of nicklos drilling company . nicklos  > drilling currently operates three land rigs along  > the  > texas gulf coast and is constucting a fourth . i  > have  > received permision from the emba program to audit  > the  > class and the only conditions would be your  > permission  > and space avalability .  > thank you for your consideration ,  > jack s . blanton , jr .  > jblantonjr @ yahoo . com  > 713 - 222 - 0191  >  > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > do you yahoo ! ?  > get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  > http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /  >  do you yahoo ! ?  get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail .  http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /",0
2208,"Subject: re : looking for someone who has experience in finance , math ,  programming , and the energy industry ? ( that ' s right , all four . . . )  megan ,  thanks for your interest in the research group . please , call me next week  ( tuesday  and later ) and stop by . i would like to talk to you for a few minutes before  we shall  go ahead with a formal interview .  vince  megan cooper @ ees  12 / 04 / 2000 04 : 54 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : looking for someone who has experience in finance , math ,  programming , and the energy industry ? ( that ' s right , all four . . . )  vince ,  following your espeak session , erin rice suggested i contact you about  joining your group . i have been with ees for almost three years , and during  that time i have worked on tasks that are similar to what your group does on  a larger scale . specifically , i excel at analytical / quantitative problem  solving and the development of models and user requirements for application  development . my educational background is energy management , and i have  recently become involved in the financial aspects of transactions . i have  attached my resume for your review , and i hope you will call me so we can  talk in person .  thank you .  megan cooper  integrated water solutions group  ees - na  ( 713 ) 853 - 1461",0
1313,"Subject: can people find your web site ?  expedite 245 west roosevelt rd . building 15 , ste . 109 west chicago , il 60185 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . ",1
5273,"Subject: fyi : ferc staff report on investigation of bulk power markets  message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at  pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :  the ferc staff recently released a report discussing markets in each of the  regions titled "" investigation of bulk power markets "" . the report is not a ferc  order .  the northeast region is discussed in a section of 100 pages in length . pjm is  discussed in detail beginning on page 1 - 59 . there are some minor inaccuracies  in  the report with respect to pjm , such as the 1999 peak load .  the report is a good first step in understanding the complex markets in the  northeast and their relationships among each other . the report also contains  recommendations and options for resolution of issues .  the complete report can be found at www . ferc . fed . us / newsl / staffreports . htm  please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer  relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com .  to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com  containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :  unsubscribe pjm - customer - info",0
1847,"Subject: summer opportunity  vince :  i did get your phone message about the summer , but i still haven ' t heard from  enron about an offer for summer employment . i do have other offers with  other energy companies that i must respond to this week . could you let me  know as soon as possible if an offer will be made to me .  sincerely ,  kimberly whitsel  wharton mba candidate 2002",0
1706,"Subject: fwd : hello from charles shen at williams co .  toni ,  i would like to bring two people for an interview  one of them sent me a message that is attached below .  i am including the info about the 2 nd gentleman below .  i would like to include myself , vasant shnabhogue , tanya tamarchenko  stinson gibner , zimin lu , paulo issler , alex tang on the interview list .  it would be great if we could bring them this week on friday . tanya  will be at a training course next week . this means that if friday this week  is too aggressive ,  we should shoot for interviews in 2 weeks .  sorry for a short notice .  vince  jermakyan , martin  410 brightmore downs  alpharetta , ga 30005  phone : ( 770 ) 753 - 9341 ( h )  ( 404 ) 402 - 8957 ( c )  martin @ electraparners . com  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 09 / 2000  09 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 07 / 2000 05 : 55 : 11 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : fwd : hello from charles shen at williams co .  return - path :  received : from rly - zco 2 . mx . aol . com ( rly - zco 2 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 31 . 33 . 2 ] ) by  air - zco 2 . mail . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 8 ) with esmtp ; wed , 04 oct 2000 13 : 43 : 33 - 0400  received : from web 9407 . mail . yahoo . com ( 23 . 0 / 24 . 129 . 136 . 216 . in - addr . arpa  [ 216 . 136 . 129 . 23 ] ) by rly - zco 2 . mx . aol . com ( v 75 _ b 3 . 9 ) with esmtp ; wed , 04 oct  2000 13 : 43 : 06 - 0400  message - id :  received : from [ 151 . 142 . 252 . 11 ] by web 9407 . mail . yahoo . com ; wed , 04 oct 2000  10 : 43 : 02 pdt  date : wed , 4 oct 2000 10 : 43 : 02 - 0700 ( pdt )  from : charles shen  subject : hello from charles shen at williams co .  to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  x - mailer : unknown  dear vince :  how are you ? i am not sure whether you still remember  me , we met in a conference last year in houston . after  having been working for williams for about two years ,  now i am ready to make a move . i have heard enron is a  great company , i am wondering whether there is any  opportunity for me , either in research group or in  structure group  here is brief description about myself : right after i  got my ph . d . on finance and econometrics from duke  university in 1998 , i joined williams energy trading  company as a quantitative analyst . now i am lead quant  and in charge of the quantitative research group with  7 highly talented people . i have done extensive  research and modeling about electricity ,  load - following deal and tolling deals .  if you need any additional information , please feel  free to call me at 918 - 409 - 4308 . i look forward to  hearing from you soon , thank you .  sincerely ,  charles  do you yahoo ! ?  yahoo ! photos - 35 mm quality prints , now get 15 free !  http : / / photos . yahoo . com /",0
766,"Subject: real time leads - no brokers  your name :  email  address :  telephone :  company  name :  internet web site :  clicking submit will send your request to op via email or  call ( 206 ) 203 - 2737  you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered user of  latimes . com , usa today , or one of our affiliates . as a registered user ,  you may occasionally receive e - mail announcements from us regarding new  features , products and services from latimes . com , calendarlive . com , our  affiliates and select third party a  dvertisers . for more information on how we protect your information ,  please read our privacy policy . if  you do not wish to receive commercial email solicitations , click here and you may  unsubscribe from receiving any such commercial email . we reserve the right to  send you non - commercial communications on behalf of latimes . com ,  calendarlive . com and our affiliates ( e . g . , careerbuilder . com ) , when consistent  with our privacy policy . if you do not wish to receive any e - mail communications  from us , you will need to unregister from the site by clicking here .  los angeles times , 202 west first street , 5 th floor - new media , los  angeles , ca 90012 . copyright 2005 ",1
3457,"Subject: dg energy software  vince ,  here is my edited version of the software license agreement . can you read  it once before i forward it for internal approval ? i specified that the  $ 100 , 000 covers a single user perpetural license , access to source after  one year , and covers maintenance and support for one year .  any suggestions ?  - - stinson",0
1222,"Subject: luv our rolexes for the same fea - tures and lovvprices .  they are definitely the finest from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries ,  frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings ,  tagheuers and tudors . first of all , their overall lo 0 ks are perfect .  secondly , vievv their details . every small logo and serial number shown  speak for their elegance .  you will also flnd out how ccheap our lovely goodss are . you might even  vvant 2 or 3 vvatches for your collections . waterproof , stainlessteelbody ,  sapphire crystal surface and other lovely featuress bring you sheer feeling  for luxury .  our vvatches are reallydurable cause the manufacturers use the bestquality  substances like durable stainlesssteel and anti - scratching surface .  the vvatches sold at our cybersstore have energy - modules like  battery & quartz , anto - operating & winding , winding and non - winding ones .  the classics have hack mechanism with stainlesssteelback . we have them .  their when you promised to go . ""  "" no , i did not promise . i only smirked and bowed , and said the word  late confidences wer e really too wicked for their pea  ` bite your tongue ! ' said princess miaghkaia suddenly . ` karenina is a  splendid woman . i don ' t like her husband - but her i like very much . ' to  the window to recollect himself , and feel how he ought to behave .  ce of mind , some weath 1 erbeaten ragged old rooks ' - nests , 7 burdening  their hi gher branch",1
4932,"Subject: re : dinner  julie ,  thanks for the invitation .  tuesday would work better for me .  i came back from california this morning and i am quite exhausted .  what is the number at which i can reach you ?  vince  "" julie "" on 02 / 26 / 2001 11 : 00 : 46 am  please respond to "" julie ""  to : "" vincejkaminski ""  cc :  subject : dinner  would you like to get together for dinner with us tonight ( monday ) or  tomorrow night ?  ?  julie",0
246,"Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions .  good morning ,  we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others .  $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs  $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004  $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai  $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5  $ 90 corei desiqner 10  $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition  $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0  $ 70 xara x vl . 1  $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5  $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7  $ 115 adobe golive cs  $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard  $ 45 adobe premiere elements  $ 125 corel painter ix  $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs  $ 80 adobe lndesign cs  $ 240 adobe creative suite  $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1  $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1  $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai  $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz  $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0  $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0  learn more . . .  sincereiy ,  lsiah ",1
5041,"Subject: re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  we can invite you for an interview to houston .  what would be a the time for you ?  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts you  may have in your rolodex .  also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know  more  details .  kind regards ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson , pinnamaneni . krishnarao ,  vasant . shanbhogue  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i left  investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast .  alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron  or another energy company in houston ?  please , let me know .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not  responded  sooner .  currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk  management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and  working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my mother ' s  failing health .  do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may forward  my  details to ?  for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached file :  iris marie mack . doc ) .  thank you in advance for your time and consideration .  kind regards ,  iris mack  44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work )  44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference  in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this  is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas  sa  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  - iris marie mack . doc",0
5062,"Subject: re : waco visit  great . why don ' t you plan on getting here by 3 : 00 p . m . ( or sooner ) . we ' ll  do a little seminar at 4 for the faculty ( perhaps outlining your thoughts  on the paper we are preparing ) . we ' ll do the class 6 - 7 : 30 or so ( i ' ll get  you to your hotel for i teach until 10 pm ) . then we ' ll put in time tue  working on the paper .  john  at 03 : 22 pm 10 / 10 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > per our discussion , nov 13 is fine .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > "" john d . martin "" on 10 / 09 / 2000 05 : 27 : 30 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : waco visit  >  >  > vince ,  >  > i have penciled you in for nov 13 th for my class . does this work for you ?  > this is a monday and i would suggest you come up monday afternoon , you can  > give a brief talk to our department late in the afternoon , and then you can  > talk to my ex mbas at 6 p . m . for an hour or so . i ' ll get you to the hotel  > for the evening and we can work on the paper tuesday morning . i recommend  > this mon noon through tue noon arrangement since i will be out of town the  > weekend before the 13 th . if this needs reshuffling let me know . we ' ll  > make it work .  >  > i look forward to talking with you later this week along with mark palmer .  >  > john  >  >  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html",0
4460,"Subject: bogdan szopa - cv  vince :  can you give me some background on bogdan ?  many thanks . shawn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shawn cumberland / enron _ development on  02 / 12 / 2001 08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  awenda 2000 @ cs . com on 02 / 11 / 2001 11 : 26 : 12 pm  to : shawn . cumberland @ enron . com  cc :  subject : bogdan szopa - cv  dear shawn ,  it was a pleasure talking to you today . i will call you upon my return from  europe . in the meantime we will stay in touch via e - mail .  enclosed is my curriculum vitae .  best regards ,  bogdan m . szopa  - bogdan res . . doc",0
5705,"Subject: re : meeting w kevin hannon  vince and stinson :  carol brown called and we have scheduled the meeting for 4 : 00 pm on  thursday , may 11 .  it will be in kevin ' s office at eb 4508 .  thanks !  shirley  stinson gibner  05 / 08 / 2000 04 : 42 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meeting w kevin hannon  shirley ,  could you call carol brown and set up a time for vince and i to meet with  kevin hannon later this week ?  thanks ,  stinson",0
1122,"Subject: perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r "" >  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .  logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing toois  wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business  and make you stand out among the competitors .  you are just a click  away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,  check our prices and hot offers",1
4494,"Subject: edith terry  scott ,  i spoke briefly with edith terry from our dc office . there is not a good fit  for my group  but she could be a great asset for you .  i have her resume in case you are hiring and would like to take a look at  her .  vince",0
